WATERTOWN, Mass., Jan. 12, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Disc Medicine, Inc. (NASDAQ:IRON), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel treatments for patients suffering from serious hematologic diseases, today announced the appointment of Lisa Amaya Price, MBA as the company’s Chief Human Resources (HR) Officer. Ms. Amaya Price brings more than 25 years of experience in human resources and organizational leadership, including at multiple commercial-stage companies.

“As we move towards commercialization, we have meaningfully increased hiring to support these efforts and Lisa will play a central role in building a strong, scalable organization by attracting, developing, and retaining exceptional talent across the business,” said John Quisel, J.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of Disc. “Her leadership will be instrumental as we continue to strengthen our capabilities and prepare the company for long-term success.”

“I am excited to join Disc at this pivotal time for the company. The opportunity to help build and scale a team while preparing to deliver a much-needed therapy to patients with significant unmet needs is incredibly motivating,” said Ms. Amaya Price. “I look forward to partnering across the organization to support our people and culture as we enter this next phase of growth.”

Ms. Amaya Price joins Disc Medicine from Deciphera where she served as SVP and Chief HR Officer, helping lead the company’s integration into ONO Pharmaceuticals. Prior to this, she was the Chief People Officer at LGC Group, a private-equity global life science tools company with over 4,000 employees worldwide. Ms. Amaya Price was also a senior HR leader at Scholar Rock as well as Takeda Pharmaceuticals where she led organizational design and talent selection related to the acquisition of Shire Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Takeda, she spent 8 years at Biogen, serving in various positions of increasing responsibility, including most recently Senior Director, Human Resources of R&D. Earlier in her career, she held human resource leadership positions at Interpublic Group, Inc., Metro International S.A., and American Financial Systems, Inc. Ms. Amaya Price received a BA from Bard College, an MA from Simmons College, and an MBA from F.W. Olin Graduate School of Business at Babson College.

In connection with Ms. Amaya Price’s appointment, on January 12, 2026, Disc granted to Ms. Amaya Price an inducement equity award comprised of (i) an option to purchase 37,500 shares (the “Option Award”) of Disc’s common stock (“Common Stock”), at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of grant, (ii) a restricted stock unit award for 25,000 shares of Common Stock (the “RSU Award”), and (iii) a restricted stock unit award for 4,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Supplemental RSU Award” and, together with the Option Award and the RSU Award, the “Inducement Award”). The Option Award shall vest 25% on January 12, 2027, with the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. The RSU Award shall vest in equal installments of 25% each on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries of February 15, 2026, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. The Supplemental RSU Award shall vest in eight quarterly installments of 12.5% each commencing on February 15, 2026, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. The Inducement Award was approved by the Compensation Committee of Disc’s Board of Directors and was made as an inducement material to the employee entering into employment with Disc in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). While the inducement award was granted outside of Disc’s Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, the award is subject to terms and conditions substantially consistent with those set forth under such plan.
