Former assistant professor of epidemiology, immunology, and infectious disease at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and pathology at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Dr. Mina strengthens Invivyd’s medical leadership

Dr. Mina’s research at Harvard focused on antibodies, vaccines, and infectious diseases with special expertise in COVID-19, measles, and other diseases, and will be a significant asset to Invivyd and the advancement of its pipeline

With more than 100 scientific publications and 10,000 citations, as well as hundreds of popular press interviews and op-eds, Dr. Mina is an expert in conducting research and conveying its meaning and impact to healthcare professionals, regulators, and the general public

NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Invivyd, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVVD) today announced the appointment of Michael Mina, M.D., Ph.D., as Chief Medical Officer.

“Dr. Mina joins us at a critical time in American medicine and the evolution of infectious disease prophylaxis, as we seek to provide Americans with choice in how they protect themselves from viral threats, including COVID, Long COVID, RSV, and measles,” said Marc Elia, Chairman of the Invivyd Board of Directors. “His unique training and skills that span medical training, epidemiology, and basic immunology, combined with a track record of advancing pragmatic solutions to complex problems can help accelerate our work as we expand our pipeline of monoclonal antibodies.”

“Invivyd is at the forefront of advancing infectious disease prevention as the leader in infectious disease monoclonal antibodies. I’ve gotten a chance to get to know the company and its technology platform and see unique potential for medical value creation as Invivyd is positioned to potentially advance standard of care, both in the treatment and, crucially, in the prevention of critical viral diseases that require better options,” commented Michael Mina, M.D., Ph.D.

Dr. Mina is a former assistant professor at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, and he has served as chief science or chief medical officer at several diagnostics and digital health companies. Dr. Mina rose to prominence during the COVID pandemic advising the U.S. federal and international governments on testing policies and advocating that the U.S. shift its public health goal from attempting to diagnose every COVID case, to identifying who was contagious at the moment in order to reduce transmission and accelerate reopening society. Dr. Mina helped lead the U.S. government’s Home Test-to-Treat Program, which focused on improving access to treatment for under-served populations for both influenza and COVID-19. Earlier in his career, Dr. Mina also identified and articulated aspects of the basic pathology of measles virus, including leading the discovery of a critical long-term consequence of measles termed “immune amnesia,” which is the deletion of immunological antibody-based memory following measles infection. His work has also investigated how the body responds to influenza and other vaccines, and pathogens, to drive immunological memory, particularly in childhood and in pregnancy with downstream passive antibody transfer to newborns. Dr. Mina has also led large population-based studies to better characterize the human antibody repertoire against hundreds of distinct pathogens and autoimmune disease, improving our understanding of how immune systems develop, stabilize, and decay across a lifespan. Dr. Mina’s leadership in public health strategy, deep scientific contributions to viral immunology, and rare ability to communicate complex science with clarity uniquely position him to help Invivyd advance passive antibody prophylaxis and treatment of multiple diseases.

About Invivyd

Invivyd, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVVD) is a biopharmaceutical company devoted to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, beginning with SARS-CoV-2. Invivyd deploys a proprietary integrated technology platform unique in the industry designed to assess, monitor, develop, and adapt to create best in class antibodies. In March 2024, Invivyd received emergency use authorization (EUA) from the U.S. FDA for a monoclonal antibody (mAb) in its pipeline of innovative antibody candidates. Visit https://invivyd.com/ to learn more.

Trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “expects,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projects,” “future” and “target” or similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning, among other things, the anticipated contributions of the company’s Chief Medical Officer, including with respect to helping accelerate the company’s work as it expands its pipeline of mAbs; the company’s efforts to provide Americans with choice in protection from viral threats, including COVID, Long COVID, RSV, and measles; the potential for medical value creation and advancement of the standard of care, both in the prevention and treatment of critical viral diseases; the company’s devotion to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, beginning with SARS-CoV-2; and other statements that are not historical fact. The company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the company’s forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the company’s forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: the timing, progress and results of the company’s discovery, preclinical, and clinical development activities; the risk that results of nonclinical studies or clinical trials may not be predictive of future results, and interim data are subject to further analysis; unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical studies or clinical trials; potential variability in neutralizing activity of product candidates tested in different assays, such as pseudovirus assays and authentic assays; variability of results in models and methods used to predict activity against SARS-CoV-2 variants; whether the company’s product candidates are able to demonstrate and sustain neutralizing activity against major SARS-CoV-2 variants, particularly in the face of viral evolution; uncertainties related to the regulatory authorization or approval process, and available development and regulatory pathways; the ability to maintain a continued acceptable safety, tolerability and efficacy profile of any product candidate following regulatory authorization or approval; changes in the regulatory environment; the outcome of the company’s engagement with regulators; changes in expected or existing competition; how long the EUA granted by the U.S. FDA for a mAb in the company’s pipeline will remain in effect and whether the EUA is revised or revoked by the U.S. FDA; the risk that a lack of awareness of mAb therapies and regulatory scrutiny of mAb therapies to prevent or treat COVID-19 or other infectious diseases may adversely impact the development or commercial success of the company’s product candidates; the company’s reliance on third parties; macroeconomic and political uncertainties; the company’s ability to continue as a going concern; and whether the company has adequate funding to meet future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements. Other factors that may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, each filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and in the company’s other filings with the SEC, and in its future reports to be filed with the SEC and available at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of this date, and Invivyd undertakes no duty to update such information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable law.

This press release contains hyperlinks to information that is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this press release.
