PLYMOUTH MEETING, Pa., April 1, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- INOVIO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: INO), a biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing DNA medicines to help treat and protect people from HPV-related diseases, cancer, and infectious diseases, today announced that it intends to offer and sell shares of its common stock and accompanying Series A warrants and Series B warrants to purchase shares of its common stock (or pre-funded warrants to purchase its common stock in lieu thereof), in an underwritten public offering. All of the securities in the proposed offering will be sold by INOVIO. INOVIO intends to grant the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase additional shares of its common stock and/or accompanying Series A and Series B warrants to purchase shares of its common stock in an amount up to 15% of the securities offered in the public offering under the same terms and conditions. The proposed offering is subject to market conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or the actual size or terms of the offering.

Piper Sandler is acting as sole manager for the offering.

A shelf registration statement relating to the shares of common stock and accompanying Series A and Series B warrants offered in the offering described above was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on November 9, 2023 and declared effective by the SEC on January 31, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, when available, may also be obtained by contacting: Piper Sandler & Co., 350 North 5th Street, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401, Attention: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (800) 747-3924, or by e-mail at prospectus@psc.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities being offered, nor shall there be any sale of the securities being offered in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About INOVIO

INOVIO is a biotechnology company focused on developing and commercializing DNA medicines to help treat and protect people from HPV-related diseases, cancer, and infectious diseases. INOVIO's technology optimizes the design and delivery of innovative DNA medicines that teach the body to manufacture its own disease-fighting tools.
