# Artelo Biosciences Announces $11.0 Million Private Placement Priced At-the-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

SOLANA BEACH, Calif., March 27, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Artelo Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARTL) today announced that it has entered into definitive agreements for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 3,188,407 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase up to 6,376,814 shares of common stock, at a combined purchase price of $3.45 per share of common stock (or per pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and accompanying warrants, in a private placement priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. The warrants will have an exercise price of $3.20 per share, will be exercisable upon issuance and will expire five and one-half years from the Effectiveness Date (as defined below). The private placement is expected to close on or about March 30, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The gross proceeds from the offering are expected to be approximately $11.0 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, general corporate purposes, and the repayment of certain bridge debt. The potential additional gross proceeds to the Company from the warrants, if fully exercised on a cash basis, will be approximately $20.4 million. No assurance can be given that any of the warrants will be exercised, or that the Company will receive cash proceeds from the exercise of the warrants.

The securities described above are being offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying the warrants, have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities issued in the private placement and shares of common stock underlying the warrants may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement with the investors, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement covering the securities described above (such date of effectiveness of the resale registration statement, the “Effectiveness Date”).

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Company's common stock or any other securities, and there shall not be any offer, solicitation or sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
