GAITHERSBURG, Md., Feb. 26, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Emergent BioSolutions Inc. (NYSE: EBS) today announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $50 million of the company’s common stock on or before March 31, 2027. This authorization replaces the prior repurchase authorization which permitted Emergent to repurchase up to $50 million of company’s common stock by March 27, 2026. Under the prior authorization, Emergent repurchased $24.8 million shares.

“In 2025, we were able to return value to shareholders through share repurchases as we continued to make progress on our multi-year transformation,” said Joe Papa, president and CEO of Emergent. “This new approval reflects the Board of Directors’ confidence in our ability to generate strong, sustainable cash flow and execute our capital allocation priorities for 2026 focused on growth, reducing debt and enabling long-term value creation for our shareholders.”

Stock repurchases under the newly authorized program may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined by the company’s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors, including the market price of the company’s common shares, macroeconomic environment and other investment opportunities, consistent with its insider trading policy. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

The company had approximately 52 million shares of common stock outstanding as of February 19, 2026.

About Emergent BioSolutions  
At Emergent, our mission is to protect and save lives. For over 25 years, we’ve been at work preparing those entrusted with protecting public health. We deliver protective and life-saving solutions for health threats like smallpox, mpox, botulism, Ebola, anthrax and opioid overdose emergencies. To learn more about how we help prepare communities around the world for today’s health challenges and tomorrow’s threats, visit our website and follow us on LinkedIn, X, Instagram, Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Safe Harbor Statement  
This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the future performance of the Company or any of our businesses, our business strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues and earnings, our ability to achieve the objectives of our restructuring initiatives, acquisitions and divestitures, including our future results, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. We generally identify forward-looking statements by using words like “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “confident,” “commit,” “forecast,” “future,” “outlook,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “position,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions or variations thereof, or the negative thereof, but these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current intentions, beliefs, assumptions and expectations regarding future events based on information that is currently available. You should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could differ materially from our expectations. Readers are, therefore, cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement contained herein. Any such forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this press release, and, except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect new information, events or circumstances.
