NASHVILLE, Tenn., March 24, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Harrow (Nasdaq: HROW), a leading provider of ophthalmic disease management solutions in North America, today announced that it intends to offer, subject to market and certain other conditions, an additional $50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 8.625% senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the "2030 Notes"). The 2030 Notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company’s existing and future wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries and any of its other restricted subsidiaries that guarantees or co-issues any of its indebtedness or any indebtedness of any of its subsidiaries that guarantees the 2030 Notes, subject to certain exceptions. The 2030 Notes will be issued as additional notes under the same indenture governing the $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2030 Notes that were issued on September 12, 2025 (the “Existing Notes”), will be treated as a single series with the Existing Notes and will have the same terms as the Existing Notes other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issue price.

Harrow intends to use the net proceeds from this incremental issuance for general corporate purposes, which may include initiatives to accelerate growth (e.g., new product launches), funding upcoming product development activities, future strategic business development opportunities, and related investments.

The 2030 Notes and the related guarantees have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), any state securities laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States, or for the benefit of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws. Accordingly, the 2030 Notes and the related guarantees are being offered only to persons reasonably believed to be “qualified institutional buyers,” as that term is defined under Rule 144A of the Securities Act, or outside the United States to non-“U.S. persons” in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.

A confidential offering memorandum for the Offering, dated as of today, is being made available to such eligible persons. The Offering is being conducted in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in such confidential offering memorandum.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase or sell any securities. No offer, solicitation, purchase or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Any offer, or solicitation to buy, if at all, will be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum.
