Cortigent is a leading developer of brain interface devices based on precision neurostimulation technology

The company’s new Orion cortical stimulation system for visual perception, designed to treat most common forms of blindness, successfully completed a six-year Early Feasibility Study

Cortigent is also developing a new medical device aimed at improving the recovery of arm and hand motion in patients suffering from paralysis due to stroke

ALAMEDA, Calif., Jan. 22, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vivani Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ: VANI) (“Vivani” or the “Company”), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing miniature, ultra long-acting drug implants, announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary Cortigent, Inc. (“Cortigent”) will present an award-winning poster detailing the technical aspects of its Orion® Visual Cortical Prosthesis System that is under development to deliver meaningful visual perception to blind persons. The presentation will take place at the North American Neuromodulation Society (“NANS”) annual meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada on January 23, 2026.

“The investigational Orion system features one of the smallest and highest-count micro-electrode neurostimulators evaluated in human clinical studies. The array is implanted on the surface of the brain involved in vision – the visual cortex – and the micro-electrodes deliver precisely controlled electrical charges that elicit spots of light called phosphenes corresponding to video input from a small camera worn by the blind person,” said Jerry Ok, engineering lead at Cortigent. “Miniature form factor, high-channel count stimulation, and precise real-time parameter control,” he noted, “can enable consistent visual perception that could eventually make Orion a useful navigational tool for people who are completely blind.”

The NANS poster provides insights into Orion’s design. The system uses an implantable pulse generator (IPG) design with 60 outputs in a package the size of about three stacked dimes connected to a 60-electrode cortical surface array, and a wireless wearable system for real-time data processing and communication. The electrode array design has proven safe and functional for more than 17 years after implantation in the delicate retinal tissue of the eye by the Argus® II, the company’s previously marketed artificial vision device. The Argus II is the only artificial vision device ever approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

“Our team is developing precision neurostimulation technology to address critical medical conditions that cannot be treated by drugs,” commented Cortigent CEO Jonathan Adams. “We look forward to contributing to the collective advancement of electrical brain implant technologies and interacting with world-leading researchers at the upcoming North American Neuromodulation Society annual meeting.”

About Cortigent, Inc.

Cortigent, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vivani, is developing brain implant devices to help patients recover critical body functions. Our patent-protected precision neurostimulation technology platform leverages neuroscience and proprietary microelectronics to create advanced medical devices. Our predecessor, Second Sight Medical Products, previously marketed Argus® II, the first and only medical device to obtain FDA approval to treat a rare form of blindness. This innovative device has helped hundreds of profoundly blind patients to achieve meaningful visual perception. Cortigent’s next generation investigational system, the Orion® cortical stimulation system, has been designed to treat blindness caused by common conditions including glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy. Orion has an FDA Breakthrough Device designation, completed a 6-year Early Feasibility Study in 2025 with promising safety and efficacy results and is covered by an extensive intellectual property estate. Cortigent is also applying its core technology to improving recovery of arm and hand motion in patients with paralysis due to stroke. For more information and patient videos, please visit: www.cortigent.com.

About Vivani Medical, Inc.

Leveraging its proprietary NanoPortal™ platform, Vivani develops biopharmaceutical implants designed to deliver drug molecules steadily over extended periods of time with the goal of guaranteeing adherence and improving patient tolerance to their medication. Vivani is developing a portfolio of GLP-1 based implants for metabolic diseases including obesity and type-2 diabetes. These NanoPortal implants are designed to provide patients with the opportunity to realize the full potential benefit of their medication by avoiding the numerous challenges associated with the daily or weekly administration of orals and injectables, including tolerability issues and loss of efficacy. Medication non-adherence occurs when patients do not take their medication as prescribed. This affects an alarming number of patients, approximately 50%, including those taking daily pills. For more information, please visit: www.vivani.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: “target,” “believe,” “expect,” “will,” “may,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “would,” “positioned,” “future,” and other similar expressions that are used in this press release, including statements regarding Vivani’s business, products in development, including the therapeutic potential thereof, the planned development thereof, Vivani’s plans with respect to Cortigent and its technology, strategy, cash position and financial runway. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on Vivani’s current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Vivani’s control. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements, including, without limitation, risks that the spin-off will not be completed in a timely manner or at all; risks of failure to satisfy any conditions to the spin-off; risks of failure of the spin-off to qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes; uncertainty of whether the anticipated benefits of the spin-off can be achieved; risks of unexpected costs or delays; and risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of products and product candidates that may impact or alter anticipated business plans, strategies and objectives. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, risks related to market conditions and the ability of Cortigent to complete its spin-off, Cortigent’s history of losses and its ability to access additional capital or otherwise fund its business and advance its product candidates and pre-clinical programs. The foregoing sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statement. There may be additional risks that the Company or Cortigent consider immaterial, or which are unknown. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties can be found in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2025, as updated by the Company’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statement made by Vivani in this press release is based only on information currently available to the Company and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of added information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

Company Contact: Donald Dwyer Chief Business Officer info@vivani.com (415) 506-8462

Investor Relations Contact: Jami Taylor Investor Relations Advisor investors@vivani.com (415) 506-8462

Media Contact: Sean Leous ICR Healthcare Sean.Leous@ICRHealthcare.com (646) 866-4012
