Change in ADS ratio aimed at simplifying comparisons to ordinary shares traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, while boosting liquidity and access for U.S. investors

BURLINGTON, Mass. and JERUSALEM, Feb. 17, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BrainsWay Ltd. (NASDAQ & TASE: BWAY) (“BrainsWay” or the “Company”), a global leader in advanced noninvasive brain stimulation technologies, today announced that its Board of Directors approved a plan to change to the ratio of its American Depositary Shares (ADSs) listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“NASDAQ”) relative to its ordinary shares traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. The Company’s Board of Directors believes that aligning the ADS ratio with the ordinary share will simplify the Company’s capital structure and provide investors with a clearer basis for assessing the Company’s valuation.

The Company will adjust its current 2-to-1 ordinary share-to-ADS ratio to a new 1-to-1 structure, effective March 3, 2026. As a result of this change, each existing ADS holder will receive one additional ADS for each ADS held. This ratio change will have the same effect as a 2-for-1 forward split of the ADSs. The Company’s ADSs will continue to trade on the NASDAQ under the symbol “BWAY,” and its ordinary shares, which will not be affected by the ratio change, will continue to trade on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.

The new 1-to-1 ADS to ordinary share ratio will take effect prior to the commencement of trading on the NASDAQ on Tuesday, March 3, 2026. Because the ratio change will result in each ADS representing half the number of ordinary shares currently represented by each ADS, the trading price of the ADSs is expected to be divided in half after the ratio change.

“Changing the ADS ratio to align on a one-for-one basis with our ordinary shares is intended to simplify comparisons of our share price on NASDAQ and TASE, allowing for a clearer focus on the value of our rapidly growing business, regardless of the exchange on which investors hold our securities,” said Hadar Levy, Chief Executive Officer of BrainsWay. “It is our hope that the simplified structure may enhance liquidity, improve accessibility, and better reflect the strength of our business.”

ADS holders with ADSs held in book-entry form or through a bank, broker, or other nominee are not required to take any action and will see the impact of the change to the ADS ratio reflected in their accounts after March 3, 2026. Beneficial holders may contact their bank, broker or nominee for more information.

About BrainsWay  
BrainsWay is a global leader in advanced noninvasive neurostimulation treatments for mental health disorders. The Company is boldly advancing neuroscience with its proprietary Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (Deep TMS™) platform technology to improve health and transform lives. BrainsWay is the first and only TMS company to obtain three FDA-cleared indications backed by pivotal clinical studies demonstrating clinically proven efficacy. Current indications include major depressive disorder (including reduction of anxiety symptoms, commonly referred to as anxious depression), obsessive-compulsive disorder, and smoking addiction. The Company is dedicated to leading through superior science and building on its unparalleled body of clinical evidence. Additional clinical trials of Deep TMS in various psychiatric, neurological, and addiction disorders are underway. Founded in 2003, with operations in the United States and Israel, BrainsWay is committed to increasing global awareness of and broad access to Deep TMS. For the latest news and information about BrainsWay, please visit www.brainsway.com.
