# Wave Life Sciences Announces Acceptance of Late-Breaking Oral Presentation on WVE-006 for Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency at the American Thoracic Society International Conference

Data from the RestorAATion-2 clinical trial of WVE-006 (GalNAc-RNA editing), including new data from the 400 mg multidose cohort and 600 mg single dose cohort, will now be presented at the ATS conference

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Wave Life Sciences Ltd. (Nasdaq: WVE), a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on unlocking the broad potential of RNA medicines to transform human health, today announced acceptance of a late-breaking oral presentation of data from its ongoing RestorAATion-2 clinical trial of WVE-006, its investigational GalNAc-conjugated RNA editing oligonucleotide for alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (AATD), at the upcoming American Thoracic Society (ATS) International Conference taking place in Orlando, Florida during May 15-20, 2026. Wave now expects to share data from the 600 mg single dose cohort in addition to data from the 400 mg multidose cohort at the ATS conference in May.

“The annual ATS conference is an important forum for fostering innovation in pulmonary care, and we are excited to have the opportunity to share data from our RestorAATion-2 trial, including our upcoming 400 mg multidose data and 600 mg single dose data,” said Paul Bolno, MD, MBA, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wave Life Sciences. “AATD, a debilitating disease that impacts many aspects of daily life, is well suited for RNA editing because it is a single‑gene disorder, where correcting the mutant RNA transcript in the liver directly addresses the root cause of both lung and liver manifestations of the disease. We are advancing regulatory engagement on a potential accelerated approval pathway for WVE-006 and expect feedback mid-2026. Additionally, we remain on track to deliver data from the INLIGHT trial of WVE-007 for obesity this month.”

Details of the late-breaking oral presentation:  
Title: RNA Editing for the Treatment of Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency  
Session: B101 Decoding Disease: Biomarkers, Phenotypes, and Precision Medicine  
Presenter: Kenneth R. Chapman, MsC, MD, FRCPC, FACP, FERS, Department of Medicine, University of Toronto  
Date and time: Monday, May 18, 2026, 4:03 – 4:15 p.m. ET

About Wave Life Sciences  
Wave Life Sciences (Nasdaq: WVE) is a biotechnology company focused on unlocking the broad potential of RNA medicines to transform human health. Wave’s RNA medicines platform, PRISM®, combines multiple modalities, chemistry innovation and deep insights in human genetics to deliver scientific breakthroughs that treat both rare and common disorders. Its toolkit of RNA-targeting modalities, including RNAi (SpiNA) and RNA editing (AIMers), provides Wave with unmatched capabilities for designing and sustainably delivering candidates that optimally address disease biology. Wave’s pipeline is focused on its obesity (WVE-007), alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency (WVE-006) and PNPLA3 I148M liver disease (WVE-008) programs, and also includes clinical programs in Duchenne muscular dystrophy and Huntington’s disease, as well as several preclinical programs utilizing the company’s versatile RNA medicines platform. Driven by the calling to “Reimagine Possible,” Wave is leading the charge toward a world in which human potential is no longer hindered by the burden of disease. Wave is headquartered in Cambridge, MA. For more information on Wave’s science, pipeline and people, please visit www.wavelifesciences.com and follow Wave on X and LinkedIn.
