–The Offering was led by healthcare-dedicated investors including Janus Henderson Investors, HBM Healthcare Investments and Samsara BioCapital–

REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Feb. 17, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Coherus Oncology, Inc. (“Coherus” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: CHRS), today announced the closing of an underwritten public offering of 28,600,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Offering”). The shares of common stock were sold at a public offering price of $1.75 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. All shares in the Offering were sold by the Company. The gross proceeds to Coherus from the Offering were approximately $50.1 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. The Company has granted the underwriters of the Offering a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 4,290,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments.

The Offering was led by new investors Janus Henderson Investors, HBM Healthcare Investments and Samsara BioCapital.

“Over the last two years we strengthened our balance sheet, reduced our debt by over 80%, and transformed Coherus from a biosimilar company to a clinical-stage Biotech focused on innovative oncology. With this financing we make further progress in rebuilding our capitalization table to support our expanding clinical development programs and upcoming data readouts, while funding commercial efforts to increase market penetration and revenue generation. We believe the Company is well positioned for future success,” said Denny Lanfear, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Coherus intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to support the ongoing commercialization of LOQTORZI® (toripalimab-tpzi), to continue clinical development of its product candidates, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

TD Cowen, Guggenheim Securities, and Oppenheimer & Co. acted as the joint bookrunners for the Offering.

The securities described above were offered by Coherus pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-291520) that was previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on November 13, 2025. The Offering was made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the Offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to these securities may be obtained by request from: TD Securities (USA) LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at TDManualrequest@broadridge.com; Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com; or Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Attention: Syndicate Prospectus Department, 85 Broad Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10004, by telephone at (212) 667-8055, or by email at EquityProspectus@opco.com.
