NAPLES, Fla. and CAMBRIDGE, United Kingdom, March 25, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CDT Equity Inc. (Nasdaq: CDT) (“CDT” or the “Company”) announces that its board of directors has approved a 1-for-25 reverse stock split of the Company’s common stock. The Company’s stockholders approved future reverse stock splits, their timing, and granted the board of directors authority to determine future exact split ratios.

The reverse stock split will become effective on March 26, 2026, at 5:00 pm, Eastern Time (the “Effective Time”), and the Company’s common stock is expected to begin trading on a reverse stock split-adjusted basis on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) at market open under the existing ticker symbol, “CDT” on March 27, 2026, the date which has been approved by Nasdaq for the effectiveness of such split.

As of the Effective Time, every 25 shares of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock will be combined into one share of common stock. The par value per share of the Company’s common stock will remain unchanged at $0.0001. Proportional adjustments will be made to the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Company’s equity awards, convertible securities and warrants, as well as the applicable exercise price, and the number of shares authorized and reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company’s equity incentive plans.

The Company’s common stock will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol “CDT” following the reverse stock split, with a new CUSIP number of 20678X502. After the effectiveness of the reverse stock split, the number of outstanding shares of common stock will be reduced to approximately 4,722,450. No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the reverse stock split, and stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share will receive a proportional cash payment.

The Company’s transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., will serve as the exchange agent for the reverse stock split. Registered stockholders holding pre-reverse stock split shares of common stock electronically in book-entry form are not required to take any action to receive post-reverse stock split shares. Those stockholders who hold their shares in brokerage accounts or in “street name” will have their positions automatically adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split, subject to each broker’s particular processes, and will not be required to take any action in connection with the reverse stock split.

About CDT Equity Inc.

CDT Equity Inc. (NASDAQ: CDT) is a data-driven biopharmaceutical development company focused on identifying, enhancing, and advancing high-potential therapeutic assets through scientific innovation and strategic partnerships. Originally established as Conduit Pharmaceuticals, the company has evolved into a broader, more agile platform that leverages artificial intelligence, solid-form chemistry, and efficient asset repositioning to accelerate the development of novel treatments. Looking ahead, CDT are committed to creating shareholder value through licensing, strategic M&A, and positioning the company as a platform for transformative innovation.
