WALTHAM, Mass., Feb. 11, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xilio Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: XLO), a clinical-stage biotechnology company discovering and developing masked immuno-oncology therapies for people living with cancer, today announced the pricing of an underwritten offering of pre-funded warrants to purchase 74,780,300 shares of common stock at a price to investors of $0.5349 per pre-funded warrant (the “pre-funded warrants”). Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share. The pre-funded warrants will be exercisable immediately and will be exercisable until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. The offering is expected to close on or about February 13, 2026, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. All of the pre-funded warrants are being offered by Xilio.

The gross proceeds from the offering are expected to be approximately $40.0 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. The pre-funded warrants may be exercised for cash or on a net exercise or “cashless” basis. Xilio intends to use the net proceeds received from the offering to advance the development of its product candidates and for working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes.

The financing was led by existing investor Coastlands Capital and included participation from Gilead Sciences, Inc., OrbiMed, Perceptive Advisors, and other new and existing institutional investors.

Leerink Partners is acting as the sole bookrunner for the offering.

The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285703), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 11, 2025, and declared effective on May 8, 2025. The final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC. When available, copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering may also be obtained by contacting Leerink Partners LLC, Syndicate Department, 53 State Street, 40th Floor, Boston, MA 02109, or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105, or by email at syndicate@leerink.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of, these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
