# Perspective Therapeutics Announces Pricing of $175 Million Underwritten Offering of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants

SEATTLE, Feb. 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. (“Perspective” or the “Company”) (NYSE AMERICAN: CATX), a radiopharmaceutical company that is pioneering advanced treatments for cancers throughout the body, today announced the pricing of an underwritten offering of 39,576,088 shares of its common stock at an offering price of $3.79 per share and, to certain investors in lieu of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase 6,598,046 shares of its common stock at a price of $3.789 per pre-funded warrant. The aggregate gross proceeds from this offering are expected to be approximately $175 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by Perspective in connection with the offering. The purchase price per share of each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, minus the $0.001 per share exercise price of such pre-funded warrant. The offering is expected to close on or about February 3, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. All of the shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants to be sold in the offering are being sold by Perspective.

The financing included participation from Commodore Capital, TCGX, Spruce Street Capital, Surveyor Capital (a Citadel company), Affinity Asset Advisors, HBM Healthcare Investments, Ally Bridge Group and other leading healthcare specialist and long only investors.

Piper Sandler, UBS Investment Bank, Oppenheimer & Co., Truist Securities and LifeSci Capital are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering.

Jones acted as financial advisor to the Company for the offering.

Perspective intends to use the net proceeds that it will receive from the offering to advance the clinical development of product candidates, continue to invest in the Company’s manufacturing facilities and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. A portion of the net proceeds may also be used to acquire, license or invest in complementary products, technologies, intellectual property or businesses, although Perspective has no present commitments or agreements to do so.

The securities described above are being offered by Perspective pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 that was most recently declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 8, 2025. A final prospectus supplement will be filed with the SEC. These documents can be accessed on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

Copies of the final prospectus supplement, when available, and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from Piper Sandler & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 350 North 5th Street, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401 or by email at prospectus@psc.com; UBS Securities LLC, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, Attention: Prospectus Department, by calling 1-833-481-0269 or by e-mail at ol-prospectus-request@ubs.com; Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Attention: Syndicate Prospectus Department, 85 Broad Street, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10004, by calling 1-212-667-8055 or by email at equityprospectus@opco.com; Truist Securities, Inc., Attention: Prospectus Department, 740 Battery Avenue SE, 3rd Floor, Atlanta, Georgia 30339 or by calling 1-800-685-4786 or by email at truistsecurities.prospectus@truist.com; or LifeSci Capital LLC at 1700 Broadway, 40th Floor, New York, New York 10019 or by email at compliance@lifescicapital.com.
