SAN DIEGO, Jan. 21, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Erasca, Inc. (Nasdaq: ERAS), a clinical-stage precision oncology company singularly focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing therapies for patients with RAS/MAPK pathway-driven cancers, today announced the pricing of an upsized public offering of 22,500,000 shares of its common stock. The shares of common stock are being sold to the public at a price of $10.00 per share. All of the shares of common stock to be sold in the public offering are to be sold by Erasca. The gross proceeds to Erasca from the offering, before deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses, are expected to be $225.0 million. In addition, Erasca has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,375,000 shares of common stock at the offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering is expected to close on January 23, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Erasca intends to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with its existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, to fund the research and development of its product candidates and other development programs and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Jefferies, and Evercore ISI are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering.

The securities described above are being offered by Erasca pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective on August 22, 2025.

A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to this offering has been filed with the SEC and a final prospectus supplement relating to this offering will be filed with the SEC. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. When available, copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and postsalemanualrequests@broadridge.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (877) 821-7388, or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; and Evercore Group L.L.C., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 55 East 52nd Street, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10055, by telephone at (888) 474-0200, or by email at ecm.prospectus@evercore.com. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus will also be available on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
