OCALA, Fla., March 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AIM ImmunoTech Inc. (NYSE American: AIM) (“AIM” or the “Company”) today announced an agreement with the PPD™ clinical research business of Thermo Fisher Scientific to design AIM’s anticipated Phase 3 clinical trial in the use of the Company’s drug Ampligen in the treatment of late-stage pancreatic cancer.

AIM CEO Thomas K. Equels states: “The ongoing Phase 2 DURIPANC clinical trial of Ampligen and AstraZeneca’s durvalumab in the treatment of late-stage pancreatic cancer is producing promising results. Based on the success so far, as well as anticipated final patient enrollment later this year, we believe it is now time to start mapping out the next steps for AIM’s development of Ampligen as a therapy for pancreatic cancer. AIM’s scientific team will work closely with Thermo Fisher’s experts in the design of a Phase 3 study and we look forward to their expertise and guidance in this critical endeavor. Pancreatic cancer is a deadly unmet medical need – and AIM believes that Ampligen could be a gamechanger in the treatment of pancreatic cancer.”

AIM recently published an updated corporate presentation that emphasizes the Company’s priority goal of a new drug approval for Ampligen in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The presentation details AIM’s research and development work in pancreatic cancer; how Ampligen is believed to work in the treatment of pancreatic cancer; and why AIM believes that pancreatic cancer research and development holds the most potential for AIM’s stockholders.

AIM has thus far reported positive progress in Progression-Free Survival (“PFS”), Overall Survival (“OS”) and safety in the DURIPANC study, which is an investigator-initiated, exploratory, open-label, single-center study expected to enroll up to 25 subjects in the Phase 2 portion. The clinical trial is a joint collaboration between AIM, AstraZeneca and Erasmus Medical Center (“Erasmus MC”) in the Netherlands.

AIM ImmunoTech Inc. is an immuno-pharma company focused on the research and development of its lead product, Ampligen® (rintatolimod), for the treatment of late-stage pancreatic cancer, a lethal and unmet global health problem. Ampligen is a dsRNA and highly selective TLR3 agonist immuno-modulator that has shown broad-spectrum activity in clinical trials.

Forward Looking Statements

Some of the statements included in this press release may be forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Among other things, for those statements, the Company claims the protection of safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements set forth in the press release speak only as of the date of the press release. The Company does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof. The Company is in various stages of seeking to determine whether Ampligen® will be effective in the treatment of multiple types of viral diseases, cancers, and immune-deficiency disorders and disclosures in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC on its website and in its press releases set forth its current and anticipated future activities. These activities are subject to change for a number of reasons. Significant additional testing and trials will be required to determine whether Ampligen® will be effective in the treatment of these conditions. Results obtained in animal models do not necessarily predict results in humans. Human clinical trials will be necessary to prove whether or not Ampligen® will be efficacious in humans. No assurance can be given as to whether current or planned clinical trials will be successful or yield favorable data and the trials are subject to many factors including lack of regulatory approval(s), lack of study drug, or a change in priorities at the institutions sponsoring other trials. Even if these clinical trials are initiated, the Company cannot assure that the clinical studies will be successful or yield any useful data or require additional funding. Among the studies are clinical trials that provide only preliminary data with a small number of subjects, and no assurance can be given that the findings in these studies will prove true or that the study or studies will yield favorable results. No assurance can be given that future studies will not result in findings that are different from those reported in the studies referenced in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC, on the Company’s website and in its press releases. Operating in foreign countries carries with it a number of risks, including potential difficulties in enforcing intellectual property rights. The Company cannot assure that its potential foreign operations will not be adversely affected by these risks.

Please review the “Risk Factors” section in the Company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the Registration Statement. Its filings are available at www.aimimmuno.com. The information found on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference herein and is included for reference purposes only.

CONTACT: Investor Contact: JTC Team, LLC Jenene Thomas 908.824.0775 AIM@jtcir.com
