REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Feb. 10, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Codexis Inc. (Nasdaq: CDXS), a leading provider of enzymatic solutions for efficient and scalable therapeutics manufacturing, announced today that it has earned its ISO 9001:2015 certification. The official certification reflects Codexis’s dedication to delivering manufacturing excellence by applying a high standard of quality assurance throughout all of its processes, including research and development, product manufacturing and testing, delivery, support, and customer service.

“Quality assurance is the responsibility of every Codexis employee,” said Alison Moore, Codexis’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We are proud to have achieved this certification, which is a testament to our dedication to provide the best customer service possible. We are driven to not only adhere to our already high-quality assurance standards, but to continually improve upon them.”

Codexis’s ISO 9001:2015 certification applies to its headquarters in Redwood City, Calif., which houses its research and development facilities, process development laboratories, including the ECO Synthesis® Innovation Laboratory, and the non-GMP manufacturing facility, which will now deliver enzyme products related to the ECO Synthesis manufacturing platform.

Description of the ISO 9001 Standard

ISO 9001 is a globally recognized standard for the establishment and certification of a quality management system (QMS). The standard specifies the requirements to plan, establish, implement, operate, monitor, review, maintain and continually improve a documented management system to protect against, reduce the likelihood of occurrence, prepare for, respond to, and recover from disruptive incidents when they arise. It is intended to be applicable to all organizations, or parts thereof, regardless of type, size and nature of the organization.

The ISO 9001 certification signifies that Codexis has implemented effective processes and controls to ensure the consistent quality of its products and services, from design and development to delivery and support. By achieving ISO 9001 certification, Codexis is committed to developing and delivering high-quality biomanufacturing products and services.

About Codexis

Codexis is a leading provider of enzymatic solutions for efficient and scalable therapeutics manufacturing that leverages its proprietary CodeEvolver® technology platform to discover, develop and enhance novel, high-performance enzymes. Codexis enzymes solve real-world challenges associated with small molecule and nucleic acid therapeutics manufacturing. The Company is currently developing its proprietary ECO Synthesis manufacturing platform to enable the scaled manufacture of RNAi therapeutics through an enzymatic route. Codexis’ unique enzymes can drive improvements such as higher yields, reduced energy usage and waste generation, improved efficiency in manufacturing and greater sensitivity in genomic and diagnostic applications. For more information, visit https://www.codexis.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “due,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “plan,” “positioned,” “potential,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “suggest,” “target,” “on track,” “will,” “would” and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. To the extent that statements contained in this press release are not descriptions of historical facts, they are forward-looking statements reflecting the current beliefs and expectations of management, including but not limited to statements regarding the potential of the ECO Synthesis platform, and it providing an opportunity for Codexis to efficiently capture meaningful market share; expectations regarding Codexis meeting its technical and commercial milestones regarding the ECO Synthesis platform; and expectations regarding the potential of and future demand for RNAi therapeutics, and whether Codexis will be able to capitalize on such demand. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond Codexis’ control and that could materially affect actual results. Factors that could materially affect actual results include, among others: Codexis’ dependence on its licensees and collaborators; if any of its collaborators terminate their development programs under their respective license agreements with Codexis; Codexis may need additional capital in the future in order to expand its business; if Codexis is unable to successfully develop and commercialize new technology such as its ECO Synthesis platform and its dsRNA ligase; Codexis dependence on a limited number of products and customers, and potential adverse effects to Codexis’ business if its customers’ products are not received well in the markets; if competitors and potential competitors who have greater resources and experience than Codexis develop products and technologies that make Codexis’ products and technologies obsolete; if Codexis is unable to accurately forecast financial and operational performance; and market and economic conditions may negatively impact Codexis business, financial condition and share price. Additional information about factors that could materially affect actual results can be found in Codexis’ Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on February 27, 2025 and in Codexis’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 5, 2025, including under the caption “Risk Factors,” and in Codexis’ other periodic reports filed with the SEC. Codexis expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

Investor Contact Georgia Erbez Chief Financial officer and Chief Business Officer (650) 421-8100 ir@codexis.com
