MIAMI, Feb. 17, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Innovative Eyewear, Inc. ("Innovative Eyewear" or "the Company") (NASDAQ: LUCY; LUCYW), the developer of smart eyewear, under the Lucyd®, Nautica®, Eddie Bauer® and Reebok® brands, is pleased to announce it received a notice of allowance on November 24, 2025 for its utility patent application, U.S. Patent Application No. 18/147,002, entitled "Charging Cradle For Smartglasses." The patent application is directed to a charging cradle or dock for charging smartglasses of a variety of styles and sizes. Lucyd previously announced the new edition of its Dock product on November 16, 2023. See https://lucyd.co/blogs/blog/innovative-eyewear-inc-launches-upgraded-charging-dock-for-chatgpt-enabled-smart-eyewear. After paying the required issue fee, the Company anticipates that a patent will issue in due course.

Harrison Gross, CEO of Innovative Eyewear, commented "We are pleased to announce notice of allowance on the core utility patent underlying our Lucyd Dock wireless charger. The Lucyd Dock was the first magnetic charging platform for smartglasses, and is notable for charging our glasses in a manner very familiar to traditional glasses wearers: setting their frames on their nightstand before going to sleep. The Dock is unique in that its retractable wings allow it to connect to any width of Lucyd optical smart eyewear, and is also compatible with Lucyd Armor and Reebok Powered by Lucyd models. The Dock also provides additional USB charging ports, to keep all of your mobile devices at the ready."

About Innovative Eyewear, Inc.

Innovative Eyewear is a developer and retailer of cutting-edge smart eyewear, under the Lucyd®, Nautica® & Eddie Bauer® brands. True to our mission to Upgrade Your Eyewear®, our Bluetooth audio glasses allow users to stay safely and ergonomically connected to their digital lives, and are offered in hundreds of frame and lens combinations to meet the needs of the optical market. To learn more and explore our continuously evolving collection of smart eyewear, please visit www.lucyd.co.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, including those relating to the anticipated use of proceeds from the offering, introduction of new product lines and timing of improvements and enhancements to our current products. Forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations and assumptions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe-harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking expressions, including, but not limited to, "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "estimate," "expect," "future," "intend," "may," "outlook," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would" and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding charging dock. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K under the caption "Risk Factors."
