SAN DIEGO, March 25, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cibus, Inc. (Nasdaq: CBUS) (the “Company” or “Cibus”), a leading agricultural technology company that develops and licenses plant traits to seed companies, today announced that it intends to offer shares of its Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Class A Common Stock”) and, in lieu of common stock to certain investors that so elect, pre-funded warrants to purchase additional shares of its Class A Common Stock in an underwritten public offering (the “Offering”). Cibus also expects to grant to the underwriter of the Offering a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 15% of the shares of Class A Common Stock offered in the Offering on the same terms and conditions. The Offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the Offering may be completed or as to the actual size or terms of the Offering.

BTIG, LLC is acting as the sole underwriter for the Offering.

Cibus currently intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes, including to fund further development of its weed management traits in Rice.

The securities will be offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-273062), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on June 30, 2023, as amended on October 25, 2023, and declared effective by the SEC on October 27, 2023. A prospectus supplement describing the terms of the Offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, when available, may be obtained from BTIG, LLC, at 65 East 55th Street, New York, New York 10022 or by telephone at (212) 593-7555, or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.com. Before investing in this Offering, interested parties should read in their entirety the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that Cibus has filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in such preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide more information about Cibus and such Offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
