BOSTON, Jan. 06, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRAX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company translating genetic insights into the development of therapies for central nervous system (CNS) disorders characterized by neuronal excitation-inhibition imbalance, today announced a proposed public offering of its common stock and, in lieu of common stock to certain investors, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock. All securities in the offering will be offered by Praxis. In addition, Praxis intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional shares of common stock in an amount up to 15% of the shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) sold in the offering at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount and commission.

Piper Sandler, TD Cowen, Guggenheim Securities and Truist Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. LifeSci Capital, Baird and Oppenheimer & Co. are acting as lead managers for the offering. H.C. Wainwright & Co. and Needham & Company are acting as co-managers for the offering. The offering is subject to market and other customary closing conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed.

The proposed offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR, including a base prospectus, that was filed by Praxis with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and automatically became effective upon filing on December 23, 2024. The proposed offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus. A copy of the preliminary prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from: Piper Sandler & Co., 350 North 5th Street, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55401, Attention: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (800) 747-3924, or by email at prospectus@psc.com; TD Securities (USA) LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by email at TDManualrequest@broadridge.com; Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com; or Truist Securities, Inc., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 740 Battery Ave SE, Atlanta, Georgia 30339, by telephone at (800) 685-4786 or by email at truistsecurities.prospectus@truist.com. The final terms of the offering will be disclosed in a final prospectus supplement to be filed with the SEC.
