Chief Scientific Officer, Robert Allen, Ph.D., presented as part of the “Antibodies for Infectious Disease Workshop” at the World Vaccine Congress Washington

Presentation titled “Developing mAb Therapies that Keep Pace with Rapidly Evolving Viral Threats”

Invivyd commends World Vaccine Congress Washington for hosting antibodies workshop and recognizing prophylaxis should include more than one modality

NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Invivyd, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVVD) today announced that Robert Allen, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer at Invivyd, presented as part of the Antibodies for Infectious Disease Workshop at the World Vaccine Congress Washington. Dr. Allen’s presentation, titled “Developing mAb Therapies that Keep Pace with Rapidly Evolving Viral Threats,” conveyed the ability of monoclonal antibodies to address virus variation.

“State of the art vaccinology does not fully contain the risk of infection and eliminate the public health burden,” said Robert Allen, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer at Invivyd. “Our bespoke technology platform is designed for Invivyd to develop monoclonal antibody treatment and prevention options for a growing population of vulnerable people.”

The key challenges that have impacted broad utilization of monoclonal antibodies to date are scalability, access, economics, and the ability to address virus variation. Dr. Allen’s presentation focused on how to address virus variation. Dr. Allen’s slides can be seen here.

The World Vaccine Congress is a series of conferences and exhibitions that have grown over 25 years to become the largest vaccine meetings of their kind across the globe. The event format allows for whole-sector topics with hundreds of speakers and covers the complete vaccine value chain, enabling thousands of attendees from science, government, and manufacturers to come together to create ground-breaking progress.

Invivyd, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVVD) is a biopharmaceutical company devoted to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, beginning with SARS-CoV-2. Invivyd deploys a proprietary integrated technology platform unique in the industry designed to assess, monitor, develop, and adapt to create best in class antibodies. In March 2024, Invivyd received emergency use authorization (EUA) from the U.S. FDA for a monoclonal antibody (mAb) in its pipeline of innovative antibody candidates. Visit https://invivyd.com/ to learn more.

Trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “expects,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projects,” “future,” and “target,” or similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning, among other things, plans related to the company’s research and development activities; the future of the infectious disease landscape; expectations about the company’s antibody development programs, and the potential to develop mAb prevention and treatment options for vulnerable people; the potential to develop mAb therapies that keep pace with rapidly evolving viral threats; related scientific concepts, strategies, research and discovery efforts; the company’s devotion to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, beginning with SARS-CoV-2; and other statements that are not historical fact. The company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in the company’s forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the company’s forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: the timing, progress, and results of the company’s discovery, preclinical, and clinical development activities; whether or not any preclinical candidate identified by the company is determined to be suitable for clinical development; variability of results in models and methods used to predict neutralization activity against SARS-CoV-2 variants; potential variability in neutralizing activity of product candidates tested in different assays, such as pseudovirus assays and authentic assays; the risk that results of nonclinical studies may not be predictive of future results, and interim data are subject to further analysis; the predictability of clinical success of product candidates based on neutralizing activity in nonclinical studies; reliance on third parties with respect to virus assay creation and product candidate testing; whether the company’s product candidates are able to demonstrate and sustain neutralizing activity against major SARS-CoV-2 variants, particularly in the face of viral evolution; changes in the regulatory environment; uncertainties related to the regulatory authorization or approval process, and available development and regulatory pathways; how long the EUA granted by the U.S. FDA for a mAb in the company’s pipeline will remain in effect and whether such EUA is revised or revoked by the U.S. FDA; changes in expected or existing competition; the company’s reliance on third parties; complexities of manufacturing mAb therapies; macroeconomic and political uncertainties; and whether the company has adequate funding to meet future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements. Other factors that may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and in the company’s other filings with the SEC, and in its future reports to be filed with the SEC and available at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of this date, and Invivyd undertakes no duty to update such information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable law.

This press release contains hyperlinks to information that is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this press release.
