Spinach PUFFERZ™ delivers a flavorful experience combining high-quality cannabis with a sleek tactile design, enhanced with liquid diamonds

Spinach PUFFERZ™

TORONTO, Feb. 17, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cronos Group Inc. (NASDAQ: CRON) (TSX: CRON) (“Cronos”), an innovative global cannabinoid company, announced today the launch of its newest all-in-one (AIO) vape, Spinach PUFFERZ™. The latest innovation under Cronos’ Spinach® brand brings together high-quality cannabis infused with liquid diamonds in a convenient all-in-one device.

Crafted for modern cannabis consumers who value functionality and design, Spinach PUFFERZ™ offers a seamless way to enjoy high-quality cannabis vape extracts and bold flavors. Every design element was carefully considered to deliver a differentiated experience. Spinach PUFFERZ™ is Cronos' first AIO vape featuring the increasingly popular palm-style hardware. The device boasts a uniquely satisfying squishy grip with a puffy exterior, a dual ceramic coil for maximum flavor and smooth draws, a boost button for temperature control, and a battery meter to indicate when a charge is needed.

“Our leadership in the Canadian cannabis marketplace is driven by our relentless pursuit of excellence in product quality, innovation, and differentiation,” said Mike Gorenstein, Chairman, President and CEO of Cronos. “We are focused on building brand loyalty with fantastic products, and our newest all-in-one vape is a device that looks, feels, and tastes great. The launch of Spinach PUFFERZ™ demonstrates our ability to continuously find new ways to innovate and create new cannabis experiences.”

Spinach PUFFERZ™ all-in-one 1g vapes will launch in three flavors, each infused with liquid diamonds and delivering 98.1% THC:

Inspired by a strain with LA Cush CK and Coco Milk lineage and featuring a combo of fruity and vanilla flavor notes

“Our teams have been unwavering in their commitment to elevating our vape portfolio with products and flavors that truly connect with consumers,” said Jeff Jacobson, Chief Growth Officer, Cronos. “We’re incredibly excited to introduce a standout innovation like Spinach PUFFERZ™ at a time when the all‑in‑one category is experiencing remarkable momentum. As one of Canada’s leading cannabis vape brands, we’re proud to help shape the category and remain dedicated to delivering memorable products that keep Spinach® top‑of‑mind with cannabis consumers,” Mr. Jacobson added.

Available now in Alberta, British Columbia, and Ontario, Spinach PUFFERZ™ will be available nationally by April 2026. For more information and product availability, visit https://spinachcannabis.com/. To learn more about Spinach PUFFERZ™ and stay up-to-date on Spinach® products, follow @spinachwithfriends on Instagram.

About Cronos Group Inc. Cronos is an innovative global cannabinoid company committed to building disruptive intellectual property by advancing cannabis research, technology and product development. With a passion to responsibly elevate the consumer experience, Cronos is building an iconic brand portfolio. Cronos’ diverse international brand portfolio includes Spinach®, PEACE NATURALS® and Lord Jones®. For more information about Cronos and its brands, please visit: thecronosgroup.com.

Forward-looking Statements This press release may contain information that may constitute “forward-looking information” or “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws and court decisions (collectively, “Forward-looking Statements”). All information contained herein that is not clearly historical in nature may constitute Forward-looking Statements. In some cases, Forward-looking Statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “plan”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “potential”, “estimate”, “believe” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify Forward-looking Statements. Some of the Forward-looking Statements contained in this press release include statements about future product availability and rollout timing; market trends and demand in the all-in-one cannabis vape category; brand positioning, growth, and leadership; innovation strategy and execution; and anticipated consumer response to Spinach PUFFERZ™; and the Company’s intention to build an international iconic brand portfolio and develop disruptive intellectual property by advancing cannabis research, technology and product development. Forward-looking Statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by management, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive risks. Financial results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by those Forward-looking Statements and the Forward-looking Statements are not guarantees of future performance. A discussion of some of the material risks applicable to the Company can be found in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025, each of which have been filed on SEDAR+ and EDGAR and can be accessed at www.sedarplus.ca and www.sec.gov/edgar, respectively. Any Forward-looking Statement included in this press release is made as of the date of this press release and, except as required by law, Cronos disclaims any obligation to update or revise any Forward-looking Statement. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any Forward-looking Statement.
