NEW YORK, March 3, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Royalty Pharma plc (Nasdaq: RPRX) announced the appointment of Kenneth Sun as Senior Vice President and Head of Asia, effective May 2026. Ken will be based in Hong Kong and lead the company's royalty business in Asia. Ken joins Royalty Pharma from Morgan Stanley, where he was Head of Asia Pacific Healthcare Investment Banking.

Asia-based biotechnology companies are now prolific creators of innovative therapeutics. In 2025, the out-licensing of Chinese medicines alone comprised over $130 billion of announced transaction value, up from approximately $14 billion in 2021, as multinational pharmaceutical companies increasingly recognized the value of this innovation. This momentum is expected to continue into 2026 and beyond, as modalities, therapeutic areas and deal structures out of Asia become increasingly innovative, comprehensive and diverse.

The royalties from these transactions are creating a new market opportunity for royalty-based funding. Royalty Pharma will partner with biotechnology innovators to build the royalty market in greater Asia, just as Royalty Pharma played a foundational role in establishing the biopharma royalty market in the west by working closely with universities, research institutions and biopharma companies over two decades ago.

"We are excited to welcome Ken, who has a deep and strategic understanding of the funding needs created by the incredible innovation occurring across Asia," said Pablo Legorreta, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Royalty Pharma. "On‑the‑ground expertise and strong local relationships are essential in Asia, where we see an important long‑term opportunity to fund innovation through royalties and other creative structures. Ken will be instrumental as we continue to expand our global platform."

"I am incredibly thrilled to join Royalty Pharma, the pioneer and undisputed leader of the royalty market," said Mr. Sun. "Royalty creation in Asia has grown rapidly and represents a potentially important new source of flexible, non-dilutive capital at significant scale to innovative biotech companies. I could not be more excited to help build and grow the royalty market at a time when biopharma innovation in the region is rapidly advancing."

In his previous role as Managing Director, Head of Asia Pacific Healthcare Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley, Ken led the establishment of the bank's leadership position in China. He advised a diverse spectrum of strategic clients, including biotech, medtech, CRO, pharmaceutical and healthcare service companies. Ken successfully led origination and execution of notable and industry defining healthcare transactions across IPOs, M&A, and biotech licensing advisory, with a primary focus on Greater China. He brings more than 18 years of investment banking experience, having previously worked at China Renaissance and BNP Paribas. Ken holds a Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from Queen's University, Canada.

About Royalty Pharma

Founded in 1996, Royalty Pharma is the largest buyer of biopharmaceutical royalties and a leading funder of innovation across the biopharmaceutical industry, collaborating with innovators from academic institutions, research hospitals and non-profits through small and mid-cap biotechnology companies to leading global pharmaceutical companies. Royalty Pharma has assembled a portfolio of royalties which entitles it to payments based directly on the top-line sales of many of the industry's leading therapies. Royalty Pharma's current portfolio includes royalties on more than 35 commercial products, including Vertex's Trikafta and Alyftrek, GSK's Trelegy, Biogen's Tysabri and Spinraza, Roche's Evrysdi, Astellas and Pfizer's Xtandi, Johnson & Johnson's Tremfya, AbbVie and Johnson & Johnson's Imbruvica, Servier's Voranigo, Gilead's Trodelvy, Amgen's Imdelltra and Alnylam's Amvuttra, among others, and 20 development-stage product candidates. For more information, visit www.royaltypharma.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

The information set forth herein does not purport to be complete or to contain all of the information you may desire. Statements contained herein are made as of the date of this document unless stated otherwise, and neither the delivery of this document at any time, nor any sale of securities, shall under any circumstances create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date or that information will be updated or revised to reflect information that subsequently becomes available or changes occurring after the date hereof.

This document contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements that express the company's opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results, in contrast with statements that reflect historical facts. Examples include discussion of Royalty Pharma's strategies, financing plans, growth opportunities, market growth and plans for capital deployment. In some cases, you can identify such forward-looking statements by terminology such as "anticipate," "intend," "believe," "estimate," "plan," "seek," "project," "expect," "may," "will," "would," "could" or "should," the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to the company. However, these forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of Royalty Pharma's performance, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and other variable circumstances, and other factors. Such risks and uncertainties may cause the statements to be inaccurate and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Many of these risks are outside of the company's control and could cause its actual results to differ materially from those it thought would occur. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made only as of the date hereof. The company does not undertake, and specifically declines, any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements to reflect future events or developments, except as required by law.

Certain information contained in this document relates to or is based on studies, publications, surveys and other data obtained from third-party sources and the company's own internal estimates and research. While the company believes these third-party sources to be reliable as of the date of this document, it has not independently verified, and makes no representation as to the adequacy, fairness, accuracy or completeness of, any information obtained from third-party sources. In addition, all of the market data included in this document involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and there can be no guarantee as to the accuracy or reliability of such assumptions. Finally, while the company believes its own internal research is reliable, such research has not been verified by any independent source.

For further information, please reference Royalty Pharma's reports and documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

Royalty Pharma Investor Relations and Communications +1 (212) 883-6772 ir@royaltypharma.com
