# New Data Demonstrate CD47 Expression Level Helps Predict Response to ALX Oncology’s Evorpacept in Combination with Ziihera (zanidatamab-hrii) in Advanced HER2-Positive Breast Cancer

- Exploratory analysis from Phase 1b/2 breast cancer trial reinforces CD47 as a predictive biomarker for response, as previously observed in the ASPEN-06 trial in HER2-positive gastric cancer –

- Full data set submitted for presentation at an upcoming scientific conference -

SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Jan. 30, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ALX Oncology Holdings Inc. (“ALX Oncology,” Nasdaq: ALXO), a clinical-stage biotechnology company advancing a pipeline of novel therapies designed to treat cancer and extend patients’ lives, announced new data from a Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating the company’s investigational CD47-inhibitor evorpacept in combination with Jazz Pharmaceuticals’ ZIIHERA® (zanidatamab-hrii) in heavily pretreated patients with metastatic breast cancer (mBC). The topline findings, from an exploratory analysis in this trial, indicate that among patients with confirmed HER2-positive mBC, CD47 expression is predictive of evorpacept activity.

“These new findings support a CD47-dependent, HER2-driven biology for evorpacept,” said Barbara Klencke, M.D., Chief Medical Officer at ALX Oncology. “Going forward, we believe that a biomarker-driven approach incorporating CD47 expression may optimize patient selection for evorpacept combinations with HER2-targeted agents. Additionally, taken together, the data from this trial and the ASPEN-06 clinical trial reinforce our confidence in the ongoing ASPEN-09-Breast Phase 2 trial.”

The Phase 1b/2 open-label, multi-center clinical trial (NCT05027139) evaluated the potential of evorpacept in combination with zanidatamab as a novel treatment for patients with previously treated, inoperable, locally advanced, or metastatic HER2-expressing breast cancer and other cancers. The primary trial results, presented at the 2024 San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium (SABCS), demonstrated that the investigational combination generated promising anti-tumor activity and a manageable safety profile in patients with heavily pretreated HER2-positive breast cancer (median of six prior therapies), including treatment with ENHERTU. Researchers previously reported a 56% (5/9) confirmed objective response rate (cORR) and a median progression-free survival (mPFS) of 7.4 months in the nine patients with centrally confirmed HER2-positive breast cancer who received the investigational combination.

The additional exploratory analysis, conducted to identify biomarkers of response to the evorpacept/zanidatamab combination, shows that responses in this trial were largely restricted to patients with higher CD47 expression. This finding reinforces results from the ASPEN-06 clinical trial, which demonstrated that CD47 expression is a predictive biomarker for response and durable benefit from evorpacept among patients with advanced gastric cancer that has retained HER2 expression.
