# BrainsWay Reports Cigna’s Evernorth Behavioral Health to Eliminate Prior Authorization Requirements for TMS Coverage, Accelerating Access to Care

BURLINGTON, Mass. and JERUSALEM, Feb. 18, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BrainsWay Ltd. (NASDAQ & TASE: BWAY) (“BrainsWay” or the “Company”), a global leader in advanced noninvasive brain stimulation technologies, today commented on the recent news issued by Evernorth® Behavioral Health, Inc., a division of the Cigna Group, which serves over 18 million covered lives across 12 states, that it will no longer require prior authorization for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for contracted providers whose patients have coverage under Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare® plans. The Evernorth press release stated that the change will be effective on March 6, 2026.

“Evernorth’s decision to eliminate the requirement for contracted providers to have patients obtain prior authorizations for TMS treatment marks an important step forward in expanding patient access to this effective and well-accepted therapy. This change empowers providers to deliver timely care to patients who meet Evernorth’s TMS policy selection criteria,” stated Hadar Levy, CEO at BrainsWay. Evernorth currently covers TMS treatment for patients with both major depressive disorder (MDD) for adolescents and adults, and obsessive-compulsive disorder OCD.

“By reducing administrative hurdles, Evernorth’s new policy allows providers to focus on helping patients through their care journey and identifying the most effective treatment option. Many individuals living with major depressive disorder—whether adolescents or adults—or with obsessive‑compulsive disorder have already tried multiple medications, psychotherapy, and other interventions without meaningful improvement. With our Deep TMS systems already widely adopted across the U.S., timely access to this evidence‑based treatment gives eligible patients a meaningful opportunity to move forward and experience improvement in their day‑to‑day lives,” stated Michael Cohen, Vice President of U.S. Sales.

BrainsWay continues to lead the field with its proprietary H-coil technology, robust clinical research, and ongoing collaboration with providers and policymakers to expand access to advanced neurostimulation therapies.

About BrainsWay  
BrainsWay is a global leader in advanced noninvasive neurostimulation treatments for mental health disorders. The Company is boldly advancing neuroscience with its proprietary Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (Deep TMS™) platform technology to improve health and transform lives. BrainsWay is the first and only TMS company to obtain three FDA-cleared indications backed by pivotal clinical studies demonstrating clinically proven efficacy. Current indications include major depressive disorder (including reduction of anxiety symptoms, commonly referred to as anxious depression), obsessive-compulsive disorder, and smoking addiction. The Company is dedicated to leading through superior science and building on its unparalleled body of clinical evidence. Additional clinical trials of Deep TMS in various psychiatric, neurological, and addiction disorders are underway. Founded in 2003, with operations in the United States and Israel, BrainsWay is committed to increasing global awareness of and broad access to Deep TMS. For the latest news and information about BrainsWay, please visit www.brainsway.com.
