# Anixa Biosciences Announces Dr. Jose Conejo-Garcia will Keynote the South Carolina Clinical & Translational Research Institute 2026 Retreat

Dr. Conejo-Garcia is the co-inventor of Anixa's FSHR-mediated CAR-T technology

SAN JOSE, Calif., Feb. 23, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Anixa Biosciences, Inc. ("Anixa" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: ANIX), a biotechnology company focused on the treatment and prevention of cancer, today announced that Jose Conejo-Garcia, M.D., Ph.D., Professor of Immunology in the Department of Integrative Immunobiology at the Duke University School of Medicine and the co-inventor of Anixa's CAR-T technology, will be a keynote speaker at the South Carolina Clinical & Translational Research (SCTR) Institute 2026 Retreat: Cell-Based Therapies from Discovery to Translation, on Friday, March 6, 2026.

Dr. Conejo-Garcia's keynote presentation will include a discussion of Anixa's ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of liraltagene autoleucel, or lira-cel, which utilizes the FSHR-mediated CAR-T therapy first discovered by Dr. Conejo-Garcia and his team at The Wistar Institute.

The SCTR 2026 Retreat will bring together pioneers in research, clinical care, and industry to showcase breakthrough innovations in advanced cell therapy, immune therapy, oncology, and cellular product manufacturing, and engage in empowering collaboration across the vibrant ecosystem, driving the future of medicine.

About Lira-cel, Anixa's CAR-T Therapy for Recurrent Ovarian Cancer  
Liraltagene autoleucel, or lira-cel, uniquely targets the follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR), which is selectively expressed on ovarian cells, tumor vasculature, and certain cancer cells, but not in healthy tissue. The ongoing Phase 1 trial (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05316129) is enrolling adult women with recurrent ovarian cancer who have progressed after at least two prior therapies.

About Anixa Biosciences, Inc.  
Anixa is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the treatment and prevention of cancer. Anixa's therapeutic portfolio consists of liraltagene autoleucel, or lira-cel, an ovarian cancer immunotherapy being developed in collaboration with Moffitt Cancer Center, which uses a novel type of CAR-T, known as chimeric endocrine receptor-T cell (CER-T) technology. This technology is differentiated from other cell therapies as the natural ligand of the FSHR receptor, FSH, binds to the FSHR receptor on the tumor cell instead of an antibody fragment. Moffitt is a world leader in cancer immunotherapy treatments, pioneering next-generation cell therapies such as CAR-T, and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) to harness the power of the immune system. The Company's vaccine portfolio includes vaccines being developed in collaboration with Cleveland Clinic to treat and prevent breast cancer and ovarian cancer, as well as additional cancer vaccines to address many intractable cancers, including high incidence malignancies in lung, colon, and prostate. These vaccine technologies focus on immunizing against "retired" proteins that have been found to be expressed in certain forms of cancer. The breast and ovarian cancer vaccines were developed at Cleveland Clinic and exclusively licensed to Anixa. Cleveland Clinic is entitled to royalties and other commercialization revenues from the Company related to these vaccine technologies. Anixa's unique business model of partnering with world-renowned research institutions on all stages of development allows the Company to continually examine emerging technologies in complementary fields for further development and commercialization. To learn more, visit www.anixa.com or follow Anixa on LinkedIn, X, Facebook and YouTube.
