# Erasca Announces Closing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock, Including Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares

SAN DIEGO, Jan. 23, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Erasca, Inc. (Nasdaq: ERAS), a clinical-stage precision oncology company singularly focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing therapies for patients with RAS/MAPK pathway-driven cancers, today announced that it has closed its previously announced upsized public offering of 25,875,000 shares of its common stock, including 3,375,000 shares sold pursuant to the underwriters’ full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares. The shares of common stock were sold to the public at a price of $10.00 per share. The gross proceeds to Erasca from the offering, before deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses, were approximately $258.8 million. All of the shares of common stock sold in the public offering were sold by Erasca.

Erasca intends to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with its existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, to fund the research and development of its product candidates and other development programs and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Jefferies, and Evercore ISI acted as joint book-running managers for the offering.

The securities described above were offered by Erasca pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective on August 22, 2025.

A final prospectus supplement relating to this offering has been filed with the SEC. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and postsalemanualrequests@broadridge.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (877) 821-7388, or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; and Evercore Group L.L.C., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 55 East 52nd Street, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10055, by telephone at (888) 474-0200, or by email at ecm.prospectus@evercore.com. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus are also available on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
