# Artelo Biosciences Announces Closing of $11.0 Million Private Placement Priced At-the-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

SOLANA BEACH, Calif., March 30, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Artelo Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARTL) today announced the closing of its previously announced private placement of 3,188,407 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase up to 6,376,814 shares of common stock, at a combined purchase price of $3.45 per share of common stock (or per pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and accompanying warrants.

H.C. Wainwright & Co. acted as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The gross proceeds from the offering were approximately $11.0 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, general corporate purposes, and the repayment of certain bridge debt. The potential additional gross proceeds to the Company from the warrants, if fully exercised on a cash basis, will be approximately $20.4 million. No assurance can be given that any of the warrants will be exercised, or that the Company will receive cash proceeds from the exercise of the warrants.

The securities described above were offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying the warrants, have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities issued in the private placement and shares of common stock underlying the warrants may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Company's common stock or any other securities, and there shall not be any offer, solicitation or sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Artelo Biosciences  
Artelo Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics that modulate lipid-signaling pathways, with a diversified pipeline addressing significant unmet needs in anorexia, cancer, anxiety, dermatologic conditions, pain, inflammation, and diseases of the eye. Led by an experienced executive team collaborating with world-class researchers and technology partners, Artelo applies rigorous scientific, regulatory, and commercial, discipline to maximize stakeholder value. More information is available at www.artelobio.com and X: @ArteloBio.
