Dr. Mohammed Dar, Chief Medical Officer, and Mark Moyer, Head of Regulatory Sciences, promoted to Executive Vice President roles

(OXFORDSHIRE, England & RADNOR, Penn. & GAITHERSBURG, Md., US, 30 January 2026) Immunocore Holdings plc (Nasdaq: IMCR) (“Immunocore” or the “Company”), a commercial-stage biotechnology company pioneering and delivering transformative immunomodulating medicines to radically improve outcomes for patients with cancer, infectious diseases and autoimmune diseases, today announced that Dr. David Berman, Executive Vice President, Research and Development, will leave the Company effective 27 February 2026. Dr. Berman has accepted a Development Head role at a large commercial-stage biotech company.

Immunocore does not intend to seek a direct replacement for Dr. Berman and will instead streamline its R&D structure and leverage the existing experienced leadership team. The Company is promoting Dr. Mohammed Dar, its current Chief Medical Officer, and Mark Moyer, its current Head of Regulatory Sciences, to Executive Vice President (EVP) roles, assuming expanded oversight of clinical development and regulatory strategies.

“David has been instrumental in delivering the Phase 3 trial that has led to the approval of KIMMTRAK, and in positioning our rich pipeline for success including three ongoing Phase 3 trials,” said Bahija Jallal, Chief Executive Officer at Immunocore. “We are confident in our world-class R&D organization, leadership and ability to deliver on our near-term milestones and long-term vision. I thank David for his partnership and wish him well.”

"Along with Mark and our talented R&D colleagues, I am firmly committed to delivering our strategic priorities including progressing our ongoing clinical programs, as we continue to bring transformative therapies to patients," said Dr. Mohammed Dar, Chief Medical Officer at Immunocore.

Dr. Mohammed Dar brings extensive experience leading early- and late-stage programs at various companies. He has been leading clinical development since 2019 and has direct oversight of all clinical programs across the Company’s oncology, infectious disease, and autoimmune portfolios, as well as advanced KIMMTRAK® (tebentafusp-tebn) to regulatory approval. During his previous 16-year career at GSK, Medimmune, and AstraZeneca, he oversaw the development of pazopanib, moxetumomab, and durvalumab, which led to FDA approvals.

Mark Moyer, who joined Immunocore in 2018, will become EVP, Chief Regulatory and Quality Officer. He led the regulatory strategy for KIMMTRAK – now approved in 39 countries. During his over 35 years in the pharmaceutical industry, Mark has provided global strategic regulatory leadership for drug development – including over 35 Biologics License Applications (BLAs) and Marketing Authorisation Applications (MAAs) – with notable examples such as nivolumab, elotuzumab, ipilimumab and dasatinib.

About Immunocore

Immunocore is a commercial-stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of a novel class of TCR bispecific immunotherapies called ImmTAX – Immune mobilizing monoclonal TCRs Against X disease – designed to treat a broad range of diseases, including cancer, autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases. Leveraging its proprietary, flexible, off-the-shelf ImmTAX platform, Immunocore is developing a deep pipeline in multiple therapeutic areas, including clinical and pre-clinical programs​ in oncology, infectious diseases, and autoimmune diseases. The Company’s most advanced oncology TCR therapeutic, KIMMTRAK, has been approved for the treatment of HLA-A*02:01-positive adult patients with unresectable or metastatic uveal melanoma in the United States, European Union, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may”, “will”, “believe”, “expect”, “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim”, “continue”, “target” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the promotion of Dr. Mohammed Dar and Mark Moyer and Immunocore’s ability to deliver on its strategic priorities, including progressing on its clinical programs; and deliver transformative medicines to patients. Any forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond the Company’s control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the impact of worsening macroeconomic conditions on the Company’s business, financial position, strategy and anticipated milestones, including Immunocore’s ability to conduct ongoing and planned clinical trials; Immunocore’s ability to obtain a clinical supply of current or future product candidates or commercial supply of KIMMTRAK or any future approved products; Immunocore’s ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, including KIMMTRAK; Immunocore’s ability and plans in continuing to establish and expand a commercial infrastructure and to successfully launch, market and sell KIMMTRAK and any future approved products; Immunocore’s ability to successfully expand the approved indications for KIMMTRAK or obtain marketing approval for KIMMTRAK in additional geographies in the future; the delay of any current or planned clinical trials, whether due to patient enrollment delays or otherwise; Immunocore’s ability to successfully demonstrate the safety and efficacy of its product candidates and gain approval of its product candidates on a timely basis, if at all; competition with respect to market opportunities; unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical studies or clinical trials; actions of regulatory agencies, which may affect the initiation, timing and progress of clinical trials or future regulatory approval; Immunocore’s need for and ability to obtain additional funding, on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of worsening macroeconomic conditions, including changes in inflation and interest rates and unfavorable general market conditions, and the impacts thereon of the war in Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, and global geopolitical tension; Immunocore’s ability to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for KIMMTRAK or any of its product candidates it or its collaborators are developing; and the success of Immunocore’s current and future collaborations, partnerships or licensing arrangements. These and other risks and uncertainties are described in greater detail in the section titled "Risk Factors" in Immunocore’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Immunocore’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2025, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in the Company’s subsequent filings with the SEC. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and the Company undertakes no duty to update this information, except as required by law.

Contact Information

Immunocore

Sébastien Desprez, Head of Communications T: +44 (0) 7458030732 E: sebastien.desprez@immunocore.com Follow on LinkedIn: @Immunocore
