# Sight Sciences’ Interventional Technologies for Glaucoma and Dry Eye Disease to be Featured in Multiple Clinical Presentations at the 2026 American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery (ASCRS) Annual Meeting

MENLO PARK, Calif., April 01, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sight Sciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: SGHT) (Sight Sciences, or the Company), an eyecare company focused on developing and commercializing innovative, interventional technologies intended to transform care and improve patients’ lives, today announced that data on two of its proprietary glaucoma and dry eye technologies, the OMNI® Surgical System and the TearCare® System, will be presented at this year’s ASCRS Annual Meeting held in Washington, DC.

“We look forward to highlighting new clinical data on our interventional technologies at the 2026 ASCRS meeting, the largest annual meeting for anterior segment surgeons,” said Paul Badawi, CEO and co-founder of Sight Sciences. “The data reinforce the durability and versatility of OMNI by demonstrating significant reductions in long-term diurnal IOP fluctuations regardless of lens status, while new TearCare results underscore the strength of our technology and showcase its clinical benefit to demonstrate early and sustained superiority of TearCare over Restasis in achieving a clinically relevant change in tear film stability. Collectively, the strength and growing depth of our clinical portfolio supports broader eyecare provider adoption and differentiated positioning in our core markets. We are thankful to all our clinical collaborators for their work demonstrating and sharing the benefits of our interventional technologies.”

TearCare System Oral and Poster Presentations:

OMNI Surgical System Poster Presentation:

-      Longer-term Diurnal IOP (DIOP) Fluctuations Following Canaloplasty and Trabeculotomy (CT) with and without cataract surgery – poster presentation. Lead author: Mark Pyfer, MD

About Sight Sciences

Sight Sciences is an eyecare technology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative and interventional solutions intended to transform care and improve patients’ lives. Using minimally invasive or non-invasive approaches to target the underlying causes of the world’s most prevalent eye diseases, Sight Sciences seeks to create more effective treatment paradigms that enhance patient care and supplant conventional outdated approaches. The Company’s OMNI® Surgical System and OMNI® Edge Surgical System are implant-free, minimally invasive glaucoma surgery technologies indicated in the United States to reduce intraocular pressure in adult patients with primary open-angle glaucoma. The OMNI Surgical System is CE Marked for the catheterization and transluminal viscodilation of Schlemm’s canal and cutting of the trabecular meshwork to reduce intraocular pressure in adult patients with open-angle glaucoma. Glaucoma is the world’s leading cause of irreversible blindness. The SION® Surgical System is a bladeless, manually operated device used in ophthalmic surgical procedures to excise trabecular meshwork. The Company’s TearCare® System is 510(k) cleared in the United States for the application of localized heat therapy in adult patients with evaporative dry eye disease due to meibomian gland disease (MGD), enabling clearance of gland obstructions by physicians to address the leading cause of dry eye disease. Visit www.sightsciences.com for more information.
