# Fennec Pharmaceuticals to Report Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2025 Financial Results on March 24, 2026

RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., March 18, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: FENC; TSX: FRX), a commercial stage specialty pharmaceutical company, today announced that the Company will release its full year and fourth quarter 2025 financial results before the opening of the U.S. financial markets on Tuesday, March 24, 2026. Management will host a conference call and webcast that day to discuss the Company’s financial and business results.

- Conference Call & Webcast Detail:
- Date: Tuesday, March 24, 2026 Time: 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time Webcast Link: Participant Link: https://register-conf.media-server.com/register/BIb7d9f04377fd4b9cb7b005d167555402 To access the live webcast link, log onto www.fennecpharma.com and proceed to the News & Events/Event Calendar page under the Investors & Media heading. Please connect to the company’s website at least 15 minutes prior to the conference call to ensure adequate time for any software download that may be required to listen to the webcast. A webcast replay of the conference call will also be archived on www.fennecpharma.com for thirty days.About Fennec Pharmaceuticals
Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company committed to the fight against ototoxicity in cancer patients who receive cisplatin-based chemotherapy. Fennec is focused on the commercialization of PEDMARK® to reduce the risk of platinum-induced ototoxicity in cancer patients. PEDMARK received FDA approval in September 2022 and European Commission approval in June 2023 and United Kingdom (U.K.) approval in October 2023 under the brand name PEDMARQSI.In March 2024, Fennec entered into an exclusive licensing agreement under which Norgine Pharmaceuticals Ltd., a leading European specialist pharmaceutical company, will commercialize PEDMARQSI® in Europe, U.K., Australia and New Zealand. PEDMARQSI is now commercially available in the U.K. and Germany.PEDMARK has received Orphan Drug Exclusivity in the U.S. and.; PEDMARQSI has received Pediatric Use Marketing Authorization in Europe, which includes eight years plus two years of data and market protection. Further, Fennec has patents providing protection for PEDMARK until 2039 in both the U.S. and internationally.For more information, please visit www.fennecpharma.com and follow on LinkedIn.
