Leuven, Belgium. January 8, 2026. Onco3R Therapeutics, a clinical-stage immunology and oncology biotech company dedicated to transforming patients’ lives with best-in-class medicines, today announced the appointment of Lawrence M. Blatt, PhD, MBA as Chair of its Board of Directors.

Dr. Blatt brings substantial expertise in strategic leadership, drug development and operations together with extensive experience, to guide and support Onco3R’s portfolio development and its next stage of growth. He has been serving as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors at Aligos Therapeutics, Inc. since February 2018. Prior to co-founding Aligos, Dr. Blatt served as the Global Head of Infectious Diseases and Vaccines at Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, a pharmaceutical company. Dr. Blatt co-founded Alios BioPharma and served as its Chief Executive Officer, President and Director from 2009 until its acquisition by Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson for $1.75 billion in 2014. Prior to Alios, he served as Chief Scientific Officer at lnterMune. Dr. Blatt previously served on the board of directors of ReViral Ltd. and Alveo Technologies, which he co-founded, and Meissa Vaccines.

“We are delighted to welcome Larry to the board of Onco3R as Chairman” said Pierre Raboisson, PhD, CEO and Founder of Onco3R Therapeutics. “He brings a perfect mixture of strategic acumen, deep scientific insight and commercial expertise that will help us to achieve our ambitious goals.”

Dr. Blatt added “I have worked with Pierre and many of the Onco3R team previously and have first-hand experience of their world class drug discovery and development capabilities, so I am delighted at the prospect of leading the board of the company. I look forward to sharing my experiences and helping the company to reach its full potential.”

About O3R-5671  
O3R-5671 has been designed based on more than 12 years of preclinical and clinical data on SIK inhibitors for autoimmune diseases. O3R-5671 is a highly selective SIK3 inhibitor, which has been designed to avoid the toxicities associated with inhibiting SIK1 and SIK2. Furthermore, O3R-5671 does not inhibit other kinases and has demonstrated a highly attractive profile in an extensive safety panel. Preclinical data demonstrated that O3R-5671 inhibits the release of the pro-inflammatory cytokines TNFα and IL-23 and promotes the release of the immunomodulatory cytokine IL-10. These data, along with data from animal models of autoimmune diseases, indicate that O3R-5671 has the potential to treat a variety of autoimmune diseases including ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s Disease, psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
