ALAMEDA, Calif., Jan. 25, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vivani Medical, Inc. (Nasdaq: VANI) (“Vivani” or the “Company”), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing miniature, ultra long-acting drug implants, today announced the pricing of a best efforts registered direct offering of 1,689,200 shares of its common stock at an offering price of $1.48 per share and concurrent private placement of 1,351,351 shares of its common stock at an offering price of $1.48 per share purchased by Gregg Williams, the Chairman of the Company’s board of directors. The registered offering and the private placement were priced “at-the-market” under the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The gross proceeds to the Company from the registered offering and private placement are expected to be approximately $4.5 million, before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The registered offering and private placement are expected to close on or about January 27, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the registered offering and private placement to fund ongoing research and clinical development of the Company’s product candidates, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes.

ThinkEquity is acting as sole placement agent for the registered direct offering.

The securities in the registered direct offering were offered and will be issued pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278869), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 22, 2024 and declared effective on May 3, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained, when available, from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Vivani Medical, Inc.

Leveraging its proprietary NanoPortal™ platform, Vivani develops biopharmaceutical implants designed to deliver drug molecules steadily over extended periods of time with the goal of guaranteeing adherence and improving patient tolerance to their medication. Vivani is developing a portfolio of GLP-1 based implants for metabolic diseases including obesity and type 2 diabetes. These NanoPortal implants are designed to provide patients with the opportunity to realize the full potential benefit of their medication by avoiding the numerous challenges associated with the daily or weekly administration of orals and injectables, including tolerability issues and loss of efficacy. Medication non-adherence occurs when patients do not take their medication as prescribed. This affects an alarming number of patients, approximately 50%, including those taking daily pills. For more information, please visit www.vivani.com.
