WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif., Jan. 08, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Genelux Corporation (“Genelux”) (Nasdaq: GNLX), a late clinical-stage immuno-oncology company, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 6,666,667 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $3.00 per share. All of the shares in the offering are to be sold by Genelux.

The gross proceeds to Genelux from the offering are expected to be approximately $20.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Genelux.

In addition, Genelux has granted the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,000,000 shares of its common stock at the price to the public, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

The net proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include research and development expenses, clinical trial expenses, capital expenditures and working capital. The offering is expected to close on or about January 9, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Lucid Capital Markets is acting as the sole book-running manager for the proposed offering.

The shares were offered by Genelux pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed by Genelux with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 2, 2024 and declared effective on February 13, 2024. A preliminary prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the offering has been filed with the SEC and is available at www.sec.gov. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov. When available, copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained by contacting: Lucid Capital Markets, LLC, 570 Lexington Avenue, 40th Floor, New York, NY 10022.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Genelux

Genelux is a late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing next-generation oncolytic immunotherapies for patients suffering from aggressive and/or difficult-to-treat solid tumor types. Olvi-Vec currently is being evaluated in two U.S.-based clinical trials: OnPrime/GOG-3076, a multi-center, randomized, open-label Phase 3 registrational trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Olvi-Vec in combination platinum-doublet + bevacizumab compared with physician's choice of chemotherapy and bevacizumab in patients with platinum-resistant/refractory ovarian cancer; and VIRO-25, a multi-center, randomized, open-label Phase 2 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Olvi-Vec & platinum-doublet + physician's choice of immune checkpoint inhibitor compared to docetaxel in non-small-cell lung cancer. Additionally, Olvi-Vec currently is being evaluated for dose selection in Olvi-Vec-SCLC-202, a China-based, multi-center, open label Phase 1b/2 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Olvi-Vec & platinum-doublet in recurrent small-cell lung cancer. The core of Genelux's discovery and development efforts revolves around its proprietary CHOICE™ platform from which Genelux has developed an extensive library of isolated and engineered oncolytic vaccinia virus immunotherapeutic product candidates, including Olvi-Vec.
