# Dianthus Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Closing of its Upsized $719 Million Underwritten Public Offering Including Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares

NEW YORK and WALTHAM, Mass., March 12, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Dianthus Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: DNTH) (“Dianthus” or the “Company”), a clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to developing next-generation therapies to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune diseases, today announced that it closed its previously announced underwritten public offering of 8,470,989 shares of its common stock, including the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 1,157,407 shares, at a public offering price of $81.00 per share, and, in lieu of common stock to certain investors, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 402,468 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $80.999 per pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants have an exercise price of $0.001 per share and are exercisable immediately. The aggregate gross proceeds to Dianthus from the offering were approximately $719 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses and advisory fees payable by Dianthus. All of the securities were offered by Dianthus.

Dianthus intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to advance the Company’s clinical and preclinical development activities, commercial readiness activities as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Jefferies, TD Cowen, Evercore ISI, Stifel, Guggenheim Securities and William Blair acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. LifeSci Capital acted as Dianthus’ financial advisor.

The offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the securities that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and declared effective on January 30, 2026 and a related registration statement that was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2026 pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and became automatically effective upon filing). The offering was made only by means of a written prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of an effective registration statement. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC’s website, located at www.sec.gov., and may also be obtained from: Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (877) 821-7388, or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; TD Securities (USA) LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by email at TDManualrequest@broadridge.com; Evercore Group L.L.C., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 55 East 52nd Street, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10055, by telephone at (888) 474-0200, or by email at ecm.prospectus@evercore.com; Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Attention: Syndicate, One Montgomery Street, Suite 3700, San Francisco, CA 94104, by telephone at (415) 364-2720, or by email at syndprospectus@stifel.com; Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com; or William Blair & Company, L.L.C., Attention: Prospectus Department, 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, by telephone at (800) 621-0687 or by email at prospectus@williamblair.com.
