IRVINE, Calif., April 03, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AEON Biopharma, Inc. (“AEON” or the “Company”) (NYSE American: AEON), a biopharmaceutical company advancing ABP-450 (prabotulinumtoxinA) as a biosimilar to BOTOX® (onabotulinumtoxinA) to achieve full-label U.S. market entry, today announced that, on April 2, 2026, in connection with the appointment of John Bencich as Chief Financial Officer, the Company’s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) approved the grant of inducement awards.

The Compensation Committee approved the grant to Mr. Bencich of 754,717 restricted stock units (“RSUs”) under AEON’s 2025 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (the “Inducement Plan”), which provides for the granting of equity awards to new employees of the Company. The RSUs vest over four years, 25% on each annual anniversary of March 9, 2026, which was Mr. Bencich’s employment start date. In addition, the Compensation Committee approved the grant to Mr. Bencich of 235,849 performance-based restricted stock units (“PSUs”) under the Inducement Plan. The PSUs will vest as follows: 25% will vest on the date that is six months following the date on which NYSE American notifies the Company that is has successfully regained compliance with NYSE American’s continued listing standards (the “First Vesting Date”) and an additional 25% will vest on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the First Vesting Date, subject to Mr. Bencich’s continued service through the applicable vesting date.

The awards are subject to the terms and conditions of the Inducement Plan and the terms and conditions of the RSU agreement or PSU agreement, as applicable, covering the grant. The awards are being granted as an inducement material to Mr. Bencich entering into employment with the Company in accordance with Section 711 of NYSE American LLC Company Guide.

About AEON Biopharma

AEON Biopharma is a biopharmaceutical company seeking full-label access to the U.S. therapeutic neurotoxin market via biosimilarity to BOTOX®. The U.S. therapeutic neurotoxin market exceeds $3.0 billion annually, representing a major opportunity for biosimilar entry. ABP-450 is the same botulinum toxin complex currently approved and marketed for cosmetic indications by Evolus, Inc. under the name Jeuveau®. ABP-450 is manufactured by Daewoong Pharmaceutical in a facility that has been authorized by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Health Canada, and European Medicines Agency for the manufacture of botulinum toxin products. The product is approved as a biosimilar in India, Mexico, and the Philippines. AEON has exclusive development and distribution rights for therapeutic indications of ABP-450 in the United States, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and certain other international territories. To learn more about AEON, visit www.aeonbiopharma.com.
