# TransCode Therapeutics and Quantum Leap Announce Submission of IND Amendment for Phase 2a Clinical Trial with TTX-MC138

BOSTON, Feb. 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- TransCode Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: RNAZ) (TransCode), a clinical stage company pioneering immuno-oncology and RNA therapeutics for the treatment of high risk and advanced cancers, in collaboration with Quantum Leap Healthcare Collaborative (Quantum Leap), today announced the submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of an Investigational New Drug (IND) application amendment for a planned Phase 2a clinical trial with TransCode's lead therapeutic candidate, TTX-MC138. The study will be conducted by Quantum Leap within their PRE-I-SPY program, a leading platform for innovative oncology clinical trials, and represents the program's first expansion into colorectal cancer.

As part of the PRE-I-SPY platform, the TTX-MC138 Phase 2a dose-expansion portion of the trial will enroll up to 45 patients with colorectal cancer who have completed standard curative-intent therapy and have positive markers for circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). Recent studies have demonstrated that ctDNA is a prognostic marker of cancer recurrence and may be indicative of the presence of minimal residual disease (MRD) that could be amenable to early interventions. The Phase 2a trial is planned to begin in the first half of 2026 and will be led by Principal Investigator Dr. Paula Pohlmann of MD Anderson Cancer Center. This clinical trial aims to evaluate the biological and clinical activity of TTX-MC138 in the MRD setting, where we believe the therapeutic intervention may have the greatest opportunity to improve long-term outcomes.

"This IND submission marks a pivotal step in TransCode's clinical development program, positioning TTX-MC138 where its mechanism of action has the potential to deliver meaningful benefit to patients," said Sue Duggan, TransCode's Senior VP, Operations. "We are pleased to partner with Quantum Leap's PRE-I-SPY program to evaluate TTX-MC138 and to support the expansion of this platform into new indications such as colorectal cancer," added Duggan.

The clinical trial will be performed at several clinical sites of the PRE-I-SPY Platform Network, many of which are members of the National Cancer Center Network. Additionally, the program is focused on partnering with the Colorectal Cancer Alliance, a leading advocacy organization. Information on the PRE-I-SPY program and the Phase 2a trial can be found at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT05868226).

About TransCode Therapeutics

TransCode Therapeutics is a clinical stage company pioneering immuno-oncology and RNA therapeutic treatments for high risk and advanced cancers. The company's lead therapeutic candidate, TTX-MC138, is focused on treating metastatic tumors that overexpress microRNA-10b, a unique, well-documented biomarker of metastasis. In addition, TransCode has a portfolio of other first-in-class therapeutic candidates designed to mobilize the immune system to recognize and destroy cancer cells. For more information, visit www.transcodetherapeutics.com.
