SAN DIEGO, Feb. 25, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bionano Genomics, Inc. (Nasdaq: BNGO) today announced highlights from Day 2 of Bionano Symposium 2026, which focused on New Frontiers in Oncology and Bioprocessing Applications with Optical Genome Mapping (OGM). The session revealed how OGM can offer a new standard for detecting and characterizing structural variants (SVs) across cancer, including its unprecedented resolution in rare and heterogeneous cancers. Presentations also described how OGM is increasingly recognized, including by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), for its ability as a leading technique for highly sensitive analysis of genome integrity for development of cell and gene therapies such as stem cell therapy and gene editing in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries.

Attendance at Symposium 2026 continues to grow, now with more than 1,150 registered participants from 73 countries across 6 continents, making Symposium 2026 the single largest global event dedicated to OGM and Bionano solutions this year. The call for posters ended on Day 2, but submissions were continuing to roll in and like the oral presentations, they underscore how OGM can enable scientists, clinicians, and industry researchers to uncover complex genomic events often missed by conventional cytogenetics, fluorescence in-situ hybridization (FISH), or sequencing.

11 presenters from leading academic, clinical, and industry centers across Europe and the U.S., including Alka Chaubey, PhD, FACMG, Bionano’s chief medical officer, who opened the day by highlighting OGM’s ability to deliver unbiased, comprehensive, genome-wide structural variant detection across both cancer and engineered cell line applications, providing actionable insights that may drive future research, diagnostics development, and therapeutic innovation.

Among the key scientific highlights:

Dr. Hippolyte Guerineau (Centre Hospitalier de Versailles) presented results from a one-year prospective study implementing OGM in 214 multiple myeloma samples. The study demonstrated high concordance with FISH while revealing additional structural complexity, including chromoanagenesis events and immunotherapy-relevant alterations, underscoring OGM’s ability to expand the genomic landscape accessible to myeloma research.

Dr. Agnes Daudignon (CHU de Lille) introduced the FrOGG (French Speaking OGM Group) consortium, a collaborative network standardizing OGM in onco-hematology across France, Canada, Switzerland, and Belgium. The group has already implemented the first national external quality control program for OGM and is developing a centralized data hub to advance research and adoption.

Dr. Ying Zou(Johns Hopkins University) and Dr. Alejandro Berenguer Rubio(Instituto de Investigación Sanitaria La Fe) presented complementary research in rare sarcomas. Across 201 soft tissue sarcoma samples with normal karyotypes, OGM detected significant structural variants in over 70% of cases, revealing cryptic and complex genomic rearrangements that conventional karyotyping missed. One key advantage of OGM over karyotyping substantiated in Dr Zou’s results, is that OGM is a DNA-based molecular assay, whereas karyotyping is cell-culture based. The DNA-based assay is not subject to artifacts resulting from cell proliferation in culture, which can be common. In rare sarcomas, OGM also revealed novel gene fusions undetected by traditional FISH, highlighting opportunities for precision oncology research and experimental therapy stratification. To date, OGM use in cancer has been mostly in liquid (blood) tumors, together, these studies demonstrate OGM’s ability to uncover hidden genomic complexity in solid tumors and advance high-resolution research insights.

Dr. Marc-Henri Stern (Institut Curie) presented a novel OGM-based assay for detecting homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) in breast and ovarian cancers. Using genome-wide structural variant patterns, the assay achieved high predictive accuracy for HRD status, illustrating OGM’s potential to enhance biomarker-driven precision oncology.

Dr. Adrian Dubuc (Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center) & Dr. Phillip D. Michaels (Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Harvard Medical School) co-presented the 1000X Genome Project, an initiative pushing the boundaries of OGM to deeply characterize the genomic architecture of plasma cell myeloma. Ultra-deep OGM analysis without CD138-enrichment, revealed previously unrecognized complex rearrangements, showcasing the potential of OGM as a framework for high-resolution structural variant profiling in genomically complex cancers.

OGM’s transformative potential in engineered cell lines was demonstrated byDr. Annelise Bennaceur-Griscelli(CiTHERA - Center for iPS Cell Therapies), James Haldane(bit.bio)&Dr. Darren “Ben” Finlay(Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute). Together, they showed how OGM can enable genome-wide surveillance of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) and engineered cell lines, uncovering variants introduced during development including off-target modifications, culture-associated variants, reprogramming-related structural changes, and subtle genomic rearrangements that have the potential to influence cell function. Dr Bennaceur-Griscelli also highlighted published guidance by the International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR) and the FDA regarding the use of OGM as a highly sensitive method for detecting structural aberrations not visible by karyotyping.

The session concluded with a live panel discussion and Q&A session with speakers and moderated by Bionano’s Dr. Chaubey, Dr. Andy O’Shaughnessy, Dr. Dana Jaber, and Cami Asher. Panelists discussed fostered collaborations around best practices for OGM implementation, advancing multiple myeloma research, QC strategies, and how emerging research is pushing the boundaries of OGM applications, along with future directions in research and bioprocessing.

“Day 2 of Symposium 2026 demonstrated how OGM is advancing both cancer research and bioprocessing applications by revealing genomic complexity at a scale and resolution that were previously inaccessible,” said Dr. Chaubey. “From challenging hematologic malignancies and rare sarcomas to engineered iPSC lines, OGM’s versatility is driving discovery, standardization, and innovation across diverse scientific domains.”

Erik Holmlin, president and chief executive officer of Bionano, added, “Day 2 brought more in-depth reporting by scientists and clinical researchers on the application of OGM in cancer, with today’s topics expanding into the realm of solid tumors. Use of OGM as an analytical tool in cell and gene therapy development was covered by academic researchers and scientists from industry, who made the case of OGM use for genome integrity quality control (QC) in bioprocessing. These presentations reinforce OGM’s utility and importantly outline a large market opportunity beyond hematologic malignancies, with application in solid tumor research and therapy development.”

Session recordings will be available on-demand via the Bionano YouTube channel. The live panel discussion and Q&A session will not be available on-demand.

Bionano Symposium 2026 continues with Day 3: OGM Making its Mark in Constitutional Genetic Disorders on February 25, 2026, from 7:00-10:00 AM PT. Attendees may also explore scientific posters available throughout the event on the virtual platform.

Don’t miss the Bionano Symposium 2026, register now! Symposium registration is free and open to all. To register, visit: www.bionano.com/symposium-2026

About Bionano Genomics

Bionano is a provider of genome analysis solutions that can enable researchers and clinicians to reveal answers to challenging questions in biology and medicine. The Company’s mission is to transform the way the world sees the genome through optical genome mapping (OGM) solutions, diagnostic services and software. The Company offers OGM solutions for applications across basic, translational and clinical research. The Company also offers an industry-leading, platform-agnostic genome analysis software solution, and nucleic acid extraction and purification solutions using proprietary isotachophoresis (ITP) technology. Through its Lineagen, Inc. d/b/a Bionano Laboratories business, the Company also offers OGM-based diagnostic testing services.

Bionano’s products are for research use only and not for use in diagnostic procedures.

Forward-Looking Statements of Bionano Genomics

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “ability,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, projections, outlook, analyses or current expectations concerning, among other things; the ability and utility of OGM to offer a new standard for detecting and characterizing SVs across cancers; the ability and utility of OGM being recognized as a leading technique for highly sensitive analysis of genome integrity for development of cell and gene therapies such as stem cell therapy and gene editing in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries; the ability and utility of OGM to enable scientists, clinicians, and industry researchers to uncover complex genomic events often missed by conventional cytogenetics, FISH, or sequencing; the ability and utility of OGM to provide actionable insights that drive future research, diagnostics development, and therapeutic innovation; the ability and utility of OGM to provide high concordance with FISH while revealing additional structural complexity, including chromoanagenesis events and immunotherapy-relevant alterations; the ability and utility of OGM to detect significant structural variants and reveal cryptic and complex genomic rearrangements missed by conventional karyotyping; the ability and utility of OGM to uncover hidden genomic complexity in solid tumors and advance high-resolution research insights; the ability and utility of OGM to enhance biomarker-driven precision oncology; the ability and utility of OGM as a framework for high-resolution structural variant profiling in genomically complex cancers; the ability and utility of OGM to enable genome-wide surveillance of iPSCs and engineered cell lines, and uncover variants introduced during development; continued research, presentations and publications involving OGM, its utility compared to traditional cytogenetics and our technologies; our ability to drive adoption of OGM and our technology solutions; and any other statements that are not of historical fact. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, investors and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as they involve inherent risk and uncertainty (both general and specific) and should note that they are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied on as an indication or guarantee of future performance. Actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected or implied in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include the risks and uncertainties associated with: the failure of OGM to offer a new standard for detecting and characterizing SVs across cancers; the failure of OGM to be recognized as a leading technique for highly sensitive analysis of genome integrity for development of cell and gene therapies such as stem cell therapy and gene editing in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries; the failure of OGM to enable scientists, clinicians, and industry researchers to uncover complex genomic events often missed by conventional cytogenetics, FISH, or sequencing; the failure of OGM to provide actionable insights that drive future research, diagnostics development, and therapeutic innovation; the failure of OGM to provide high concordance with FISH while revealing additional structural complexity, including chromoanagenesis events and immunotherapy-relevant alterations; the failure of OGM to detect significant structural variants and reveal cryptic and complex genomic rearrangements missed by conventional karyotyping; the failure of OGM to uncover hidden genomic complexity in solid tumors and advance high-resolution research insights; the failure of OGM to enhance biomarker-driven precision oncology; the failure of OGM as a framework for high-resolution structural variant profiling in genomically complex cancers; the failure of OGM to enable genome-wide surveillance of iPSCs and engineered cell lines, and uncover variants introduced during development; our ability to obtain sufficient financing to fund our strategic plans and commercialization efforts and our ability to continue as a “going concern,” which requires us to manage costs and obtain significant additional financing to fund our strategic plans and commercialization efforts; the risk that if we fail to obtain additional financing we may seek relief under applicable insolvency laws; the impact of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events and uncertain market conditions, including inflation, tariffs, and supply chain disruptions, on our business and the global economy; general market conditions; changes in the competitive landscape and the introduction of competitive technologies or improvements to existing technologies; changes in our strategic and commercial plans; the ability of medical and research institutions to obtain funding to support adoption or continued use of our technologies; study results that differ or contradict the results mentioned in this press release and at Day 2 of Symposium 2026; and the risks and uncertainties associated with our business and financial condition in general, including the risks and uncertainties including those described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including, without limitation, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in other filings subsequently made by us with the SEC. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made and are based on management’s assumptions and estimates as of such date. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of the receipt of new information, the occurrence of future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

CONTACTS Company Contact: Erik Holmlin, CEO Bionano Genomics, Inc. +1 (858) 888-7610 eholmlin@bionano.com

Investor Relations: Kelly Gura Gilmartin Group +1 (212) 229-6163 IR@bionano.com
