# Anixa Biosciences Announces Presentation of its Ovarian Cancer CAR-T Therapy Clinical Trial at the Society of Gynecologic Oncology Annual Meeting on Women's Cancer

Dr. Robert Wenham of Moffitt Cancer Center and principal investigator of the trial to present lira-cel trial status

SAN JOSE, Calif., March 30, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Anixa Biosciences, Inc. ("Anixa" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: ANIX), a biotechnology company focused on the treatment and prevention of cancer, today announced that Dr. Robert Wenham, Chair of the Gynecologic Oncology Department at Moffitt Cancer Center and principal investigator for the Company's ongoing ovarian cancer CAR-T therapy Phase 1 trial, will be presenting at the Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO) Annual Meeting on Women's Cancer, being held April 10 – 13, 2026, in San Juan, Puerto Rico.

Dr. Wenham's presentation, titled "Phase 1 clinical trial of autologous T cells genetically engineered with a chimeric receptor to target the follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR) in recurrent ovarian cancer," will discuss the clinical trial design and objectives, as well as the current status of Anixa's ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of lira-cel.

The SGO Annual Meeting on Women's Cancer stands as the foremost educational and scientific gathering for professionals dedicated to the treatment and care of individuals with gynecologic cancer, bringing together global experts in gynecologic oncology to share the latest scientific advancements, participate in educational programs, and network with peers.

About Lira-cel, Anixa's CAR-T Therapy for Recurrent Ovarian Cancer  
Liraltagene autoleucel, or lira-cel, uniquely targets the follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR), which is selectively expressed on ovarian cells, tumor vasculature, and certain cancer cells, but not in healthy tissue. The ongoing Phase 1 trial (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05316129) is enrolling adult women with recurrent ovarian cancer who have progressed after at least two prior therapies.

About Anixa Biosciences, Inc.  
Anixa is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the treatment and prevention of cancer. Anixa's therapeutic portfolio consists of liraltagene autoleucel, or lira-cel, an ovarian cancer immunotherapy being developed in collaboration with Moffitt Cancer Center, which uses a novel type of CAR-T, known as chimeric endocrine receptor-T cell (CER-T) technology. This technology is differentiated from other cell therapies as the natural ligand of the FSHR receptor, FSH, binds to the FSHR receptor on the tumor cell instead of an antibody fragment. Moffitt is a world leader in cancer immunotherapy treatments, pioneering next-generation cell therapies such as CAR-T, and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) to harness the power of the immune system. The Company's vaccine portfolio includes vaccines being developed in collaboration with Cleveland Clinic to treat and prevent breast cancer and ovarian cancer, as well as additional cancer vaccines to address many intractable cancers, including high incidence malignancies in lung, colon, and prostate. These vaccine technologies focus on immunizing against "retired" proteins that have been found to be expressed in certain forms of cancer. The breast and ovarian cancer vaccines were developed at Cleveland Clinic and exclusively licensed to Anixa. Cleveland Clinic is entitled to royalties and other commercialization revenues from the Company related to these vaccine technologies. Anixa's unique business model of partnering with world-renowned research institutions on all stages of development allows the Company to continually examine emerging technologies in complementary fields for further development and commercialization. To learn more, visit www.anixa.com or follow Anixa on LinkedIn, X, Facebook and YouTube.
