# Constitution of the Board of Directors in Genmab A/S and Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Warrants to Employees in Genmab

Company Announcement  
COPENHAGEN, Denmark; March 19, 2026 – Genmab A/S (Nasdaq: GMAB) Following Genmab A/S’ Annual General Meeting held on March 19, 2026, the Company’s Board of Directors met to constitute itself. Ms. Deirdre P. Connelly was appointed Chair and Ms. Pernille Erenbjerg was appointed Deputy Chair. It was decided to grant 5,213 restricted stock units and 4,485 warrants to the employees of the Company and the Company’s subsidiaries.  
Each restricted stock unit is awarded cost-free and provides the owner with a conditional right to receive one share in Genmab A/S of nominally DKK 1. The fair value of each restricted stock unit is equal to the closing market price on the date of grant of one Genmab A/S share, DKK 1,645.00.  
The restricted stock units will vest on the first banking day of the month following a period of three years from the date of grant. Furthermore, the restricted stock units are subject to vesting conditions set out in the restricted stock unit program adopted by the Board of Directors. Information concerning Genmab’s restricted stock unit program can be found on www.genmab.com under Investors > Governance > Compensation > Restricted Stock Units.  
The exercise price for each warrant is DKK 1,645.00. Each warrant is awarded cost-free and entitles the owner to subscribe one share of nominally DKK 1 subject to payment of the exercise price. By application of the Black-Scholes formula, the fair value of each warrant can be calculated as DKK 530.62.  
The warrants vest three years after the grant date, and all warrants expire at the seventh anniversary of the grant date. The new warrants have been granted on the terms and conditions set out in the warrant program adopted by the Board of Directors on February 23, 2021. Information concerning Genmab’s warrant schemes can be found on www.genmab.com under Investors > Governance > Compensation > Warrants.

About Genmab  
Genmab is an international biotechnology company dedicated to improving the lives of people with cancer and other serious diseases through innovative antibody medicines. For over 25 years, its passionate, innovative and collaborative team has advanced a broad range of antibody-based therapeutic formats, including bispecific antibodies, antibody–drug conjugates (ADCs), immune-modulating antibodies and other next-generation modalities. Genmab’s science powers eight approved antibody medicines, and the company is advancing a strong late-stage clinical pipeline, including wholly owned programs, with the goal of delivering transformative medicines to patients.
