NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 7, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Biohaven Ltd. (NYSE: BHVN) today announced that Vlad Coric, M.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the 44th Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference at The Westin St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco, California, on Monday, January 12, 2026, at 8:15 a.m. PST (11:15 a.m. EST).

About Biohaven  
Biohaven is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing treatments in key therapeutic areas, including immunology, obesity, neuroscience and oncology. Biohaven is advancing its innovative portfolio of therapeutics, leveraging its proven drug development experience and multiple proprietary drug development platforms. Biohaven's key clinical and preclinical programs include Kv7 ion channel modulation for epilepsy; MoDE™ and TRAP™ extracellular protein degraders for immunological diseases; and myostatin-activin pathway targeting agents for neuromuscular and metabolic diseases, including SMA and obesity. For more information, visit www.biohaven.com.

Forward-looking Statements  
This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words, including "continue", "plan", "will", "believe", "may", "expect", "potential first-in-class", "potentially", "groundbreaking" and similar expressions, is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the future development, timing and potential marketing approval and commercialization of development candidates, are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results, developments and events may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including: the expected timing, commencement and outcomes of Biohaven's planned and ongoing clinical trials; the timing of planned interactions and filings with the FDA; the timing and outcome of expected regulatory filings; complying with applicable US regulatory requirements; the potential commercialization of Biohaven's product candidates; and the effectiveness and safety of Biohaven's product candidates. Additional important factors to be considered in connection with forward-looking statements are described in Biohaven's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including within the sections titled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and Biohaven does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
