OrthoPediatrics partner iotaMotion receives FDA clearance for use of its iotaSOFT® cochlear implant insertion system in patients four years and older

WARSAW, Ind., Feb. 03, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OrthoPediatrics Corp. (“OrthoPediatrics” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: KIDS), a company focused exclusively on advancing the field of pediatric orthopedics, today announced its partner, iotaMotion, has received FDA 510(k) clearance for expanded pediatric use of its iotaSOFT® Insertion System. The system is now cleared for use in patients four years of age and older, extending access to robotic-assisted cochlear implantation for school-aged children.

OrthoPediatrics has an existing partnership with iotaMotion to bring its robotic-assisted insertion system, designed to enhance the cochlear implant surgery, to pediatric providers, caregivers, and patients. The iotaSOFT system is the first and only FDA authorized open platform robotic-assisted technology that aims to decrease surgical variability by controlling the speed and consistency of a cochlear implant electrode array insertion. The device is now indicated for children four years and older.

“This milestone allows us to leverage our existing capabilities and bring the same discipline, focus, and pediatric-first expertise beyond orthopedics. We are excited to extend our ability to help more children through improved clinical care and efficiency in the ENT space with an advanced technology like iotaSOFT,” commented David Bailey, President & CEO of OrthoPediatrics. “This partnership is a perfect strategic fit for our Enabling Technologies division where we are applying our core mission of addressing unmet pediatric needs with cutting edge digital health and advanced technology solutions. This approach supports our long-term vision to thoughtfully expand into adjacent areas of the pediatric care continuum, deepening our impact for patients, providers, and caregivers while maintaining a capital-light, cash-friendly business model supported by diverse revenue streams.”

As part of this milestone, Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, a nationally ranked pediatric medical center, has become the first dedicated pediatric center to adopt the iotaSOFT Insertion System. Cincinnati Children’s joins over 35 leading cochlear implant centers across the United States, including nearly half of U.S. neurotology fellowship training programs, that have adopted this innovative technology.

"At Cincinnati Children's, our focus is delivering the highest standard of care while thoughtfully integrating innovations that benefit our patients," said Dr. Daniel Choo, chief clinical growth officer and professor of otolaryngology–head and neck surgery. "Robotic-assisted cochlear implantation represents a meaningful advancement in our cochlear implant program."
