CUPERTINO, Calif., March 18, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reviva Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: RVPH) (“Reviva” or the “Company”), a late-stage pharmaceutical company developing therapies that seek to address unmet medical needs in the areas of central nervous system (CNS), inflammatory and cardiometabolic diseases, today announced that it intends to offer shares of its common stock (or common stock equivalents in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase shares of common stock in a public offering. All of the securities to be sold in the offering are to be offered by Reviva. The offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners is acting as the sole placement agent for the offering.

The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the offering together with its existing cash and cash equivalents to fund research and development activities, including its planned RECOVER-2 Phase 3 trial for brilaroxazine in schizophrenia, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The securities will be offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276848), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 2, 2024, and declared effective by the SEC on February 13, 2024. A preliminary prospectus supplement will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus, when available, may be obtained from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities being offered, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Reviva

Reviva is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and seeks to commercialize next-generation therapeutics for diseases representing unmet medical needs and burdens to society, patients, and their families. Reviva’s current pipeline focuses on the central nervous system (CNS), inflammatory and cardiometabolic diseases. Reviva’s pipeline currently includes two drug candidates, brilaroxazine (RP5063) and RP1208. Both are new chemical entities discovered in-house. Reviva has been granted composition of matter patents for both brilaroxazine and RP1208 in the United States, Europe, and several other countries.
