# Microbot Medical® to Participate at the Oppenheimer 36th Annual Healthcare MedTech & Services Conference for The First Time

Live Webcast on Thursday, March 19 at 8:40 am ET to Highlight the Expanding Clinical Experience with the LIBERTY® Endovascular Robotic System During the Limited Market Release

HINGHAM, Mass., March 10, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Microbot Medical Inc. (Nasdaq: MBOT), developer and distributor of the innovative LIBERTY® Endovascular Robotic System, announced that it will be participating at the virtual Oppenheimer 36th Annual Healthcare MedTech & Services Conference, held March 16-19, 2026. This marks the first time the Company has been invited to participate in this conference, reflecting growing market interest in the Company. Harel Gadot, CEO, President & Chairman will present live at 8:40 am ET on Thursday, March 19th. Mr. Gadot will highlight recent achievements from LIBERTY’s limited market release and review key market growth drivers that the Company believes will position itself to execute its near and long-term strategy to accelerate customer adoption and increase shareholder value. The presentation will be a live webcast and may be accessed via the ‘Investors’ section on Microbot Medical’s website at https://ir.microbotmedical.com/.

The Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Rachel Vaknin, and Earl Adamy, Vice President of Strategic Marketing & Business Development, will be available to meet institutional investors and other interested parties on Wednesday, March 18th. Interested parties should reach out to their Oppenheimer & Co. sales representatives or contact mpolyviou@evcgroup.com to schedule a one-on-one meeting with Microbot Medical’s management team.

“We continue to see that the progress and growing commercial momentum of LIBERTY’s limited market release is starting to generate meaningful interest at leading healthcare institutions. The Oppenheimer conference provides an important opportunity to share our milestones, emerging opportunities, and strategic initiatives with a broader audience,” commented Mr. Gadot. “We believe LIBERTY represents a unique and differentiated solution addressing critical unmet healthcare needs, and we have a unique opportunity as we create a new category of advanced surgical robotics designed to support the delivery of high-quality care.”

LIBERTY is the only FDA cleared, single-use, remotely operated robotic system for peripheral endovascular procedures, and it is designed for precise vascular navigation while aiming to reduce radiation exposure and physical strain. The Company commenced the limited market release of the LIBERTY system in late 2025 and plans for a full market release at the Society of Interventional Radiology (SIR) conference in April 2026, allowing the Company to showcase LIBERTY with the goal to deepen market adoption.
