SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Jan. 07, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Alumis Inc. (Nasdaq: ALMS), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation targeted therapies for patients with immune-mediated diseases, today announced the pricing of an upsized underwritten public offering of 17,650,000 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $17.00 per share. The gross proceeds to Alumis from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, are expected to be approximately $300.0 million. All shares in the offering are being sold by Alumis. The offering is expected to close on January 9, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

In addition, Alumis has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,647,500 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Morgan Stanley, Leerink Partners, Cantor and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Baird and Oppenheimer & Co. are acting as co-lead managers for the offering.

The public offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and declared effective by the SEC on August 19, 2025. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the proposed offering were filed with the SEC and are available for free on the SEC’s website located at http://www.sec.gov. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available for free on the SEC’s website located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained, when available from: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, by telephone at (866) 718-1649, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; Leerink Partners LLC, Syndicate Department, 53 State Street, 40th Floor, Boston, MA 02109, by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105, or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attention: Capital Markets, 110 East 59th Street, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10022, or by email at prospectus@cantor.com; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Wells Fargo Securities, 90 South 7th Street, 5th Floor, Minneapolis, MN 55402, at 800-645-3751 (option #5) or email a request to WFScustomerservice@wellsfargo.com.
