NEW YORK, March 17, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Royalty Pharma plc (Nasdaq: RPRX) today announced an expansion of its leadership team. Greg Butz will join Royalty Pharma as Executive Vice President, Partnering & Investments, effective June 2026. Greg joins Royalty Pharma from Bank of America, where he was the Global Co-Head of Healthcare Investment Banking.

“We are thrilled that Greg will join Royalty Pharma and strengthen our leadership team,” said Pablo Legorreta, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Royalty Pharma. “Greg brings tremendous experience advising healthcare companies on capital raising, strategy, and mergers and acquisitions and he will be a critical addition to our team. As our market opportunity continues to expand and transaction activity increases, adding a leader of Greg’s caliber further strengthens our ability to serve partners in the rapidly growing royalty market. I am energized by the recent expansion of our leadership team, including the addition of Ken Sun as our new Head of Asia. Together, Greg and Ken working with Chris Hite will be highly complementary and will enhance our ability to originate and execute differentiated royalty transactions worldwide.”

In connection with hiring Mr. Butz, Chris Hite has been appointed Chairman, Partnering & Investments where he will continue to expand Royalty Pharma’s global relationship network and play a central role in transactions. Pablo Legorreta commented “We are delighted that Chris will continue to provide strong leadership and leverage his relationships in a new role at Royalty Pharma. Chris is a highly valued partner whose leadership, insight, and dedication have been instrumental to the growth and evolution of Royalty Pharma, as well as to the advancement of the broader royalty market.”

“Greg is the ideal addition to Royalty Pharma, bringing over two decades of experience and strong relationships across the biopharmaceutical ecosystem,” said Chris Hite, Chairman, Partnering & Investments of Royalty Pharma. “I look forward to partnering with Greg to further advance Royalty Pharma’s global platform and execute on the significant opportunities ahead.”

“I am honored to join Royalty Pharma at this exciting time,” said Greg Butz. “Royalty Pharma has established royalties as a core part of the capital structure for many of the highest quality biopharmaceutical companies in the industry. I look forward to facilitating creative, win-win funding solutions and helping our partners achieve their goals.”

Greg Butz Biography

Greg Butz joins Royalty Pharma from Bank of America where he served as Global Co-Head of Healthcare Investment Banking. At Bank of America, Greg worked with public and private biopharma companies across a range of capital raising and strategic advisory transactions. Prior to his acting as Global Co-Head of Healthcare, Greg held Co-Head North American Healthcare Investment Banking and Head of Life Sciences Investment Banking roles at Bank of America. Greg graduated with a BA from Williams College and received an MBA from Dartmouth.

About Royalty Pharma

Founded in 1996, Royalty Pharma is the largest buyer of biopharmaceutical royalties and a leading funder of innovation across the biopharmaceutical industry, collaborating with innovators from academic institutions, research hospitals and non-profits through small and mid-cap biotechnology companies to leading global pharmaceutical companies. Royalty Pharma has assembled a portfolio of royalties which entitles it to payments based directly on the top-line sales of many of the industry’s leading therapies. Royalty Pharma’s current portfolio includes royalties on more than 35 commercial products, including Vertex’s Trikafta and Alyftrek, GSK’s Trelegy, Biogen’s Tysabri and Spinraza, Roche’s Evrysdi, Astellas and Pfizer’s Xtandi, Johnson & Johnson’s Tremfya, AbbVie and Johnson & Johnson’s Imbruvica, Servier’s Voranigo, Gilead’s Trodelvy, Amgen’s Imdelltra and Alnylam’s Amvuttra, among others, and 19 development-stage product candidates. For more information, visit www.royaltypharma.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

The information set forth herein does not purport to be complete or to contain all of the information you may desire. Statements contained herein are made as of the date of this document unless stated otherwise, and neither the delivery of this document at any time, nor any sale of securities, shall under any circumstances create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date or that information will be updated or revised to reflect information that subsequently becomes available or changes occurring after the date hereof.

This document contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements that express the company’s opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results, in contrast with statements that reflect historical facts. Examples include discussion of Royalty Pharma’s strategies, financing plans, growth opportunities, market growth and plans for capital deployment. In some cases, you can identify such forward-looking statements by terminology such as “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “seek,” “project,” “expect,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could” or “should,” the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to the company. However, these forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of Royalty Pharma’s performance, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and other variable circumstances, and other factors. Such risks and uncertainties may cause the statements to be inaccurate and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Many of these risks are outside of the company’s control and could cause its actual results to differ materially from those it thought would occur. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made only as of the date hereof. The company does not undertake, and specifically declines, any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements to reflect future events or developments, except as required by law.

Certain information contained in this document relates to or is based on studies, publications, surveys and other data obtained from third-party sources and the company’s own internal estimates and research. While the company believes these third-party sources to be reliable as of the date of this document, it has not independently verified, and makes no representation as to the adequacy, fairness, accuracy or completeness of, any information obtained from third-party sources. In addition, all of the market data included in this document involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and there can be no guarantee as to the accuracy or reliability of such assumptions. Finally, while the company believes its own internal research is reliable, such research has not been verified by any independent source.

For further information, please reference Royalty Pharma’s reports and documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

Royalty Pharma Investor Relations and Communications
