# Anavex Life Sciences Provides Update on Regulatory Review in the EU for Blarcamesine to Treat Early Alzheimer’s Disease

NEW YORK, March 25, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (“Anavex” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: AVXL), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative treatments for Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, neurodevelopmental, neurodegenerative, and rare diseases, including Rett syndrome, and other central nervous system (CNS) disorders, today announced that it has withdrawn its application for the marketing authorization of blarcamesine in the EU as an add-on therapy for the treatment of early Alzheimer’s disease in adults, which had been under review by the European Medicines Agency (EMA).

The decision to withdraw the application follows feedback from the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) indicating that it would not be in a position to issue a positive opinion for the application at this time. The Company remains committed to the ongoing clinical development of blarcamesine and to advancing potential therapeutic options addressing the significant unmet medical needs of patients living with early Alzheimer’s disease, also motivated by the strong support received by Alzheimer’s disease patients and organizations, including Alzheimer Europe.

Anavex had submitted the application following encouragement by the SME Office of the EMA in October 2023 when the EMA representatives encouraged Anavex “to immediately begin preparing” for the application and that the “next step for Anavex in terms of interactions with EMA would be to apply for a marketing authorization application.” Anavex now has to take note of the differing assessment of the CHMP at the EMA and will consider the constructive feedback received from the CHMP and focus on gathering additional data and conducting further analyses to address the points raised by the CHMP.

“We remain dedicated to advancing the development of innovative oral therapies for patients living with early Alzheimer’s disease and to continuing our engagement with regulatory authorities,” said Christopher U. Missling, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Anavex.

This release discusses investigational uses of an agent in development and is not intended to convey conclusions about efficacy or safety. There is no guarantee that any investigational uses of such product will successfully complete clinical development or gain health authority approval.

About Alzheimer’s disease

Alzheimer's disease is the most common cause of dementia, accounting for 60-80% of all dementia cases worldwide. Dementia is a general term for memory loss and other cognitive abilities serious enough to interfere with daily life. Alzheimer’s disease is a progressive disease, where symptoms gradually worsen over time. Each stage of the disease presents different challenges for those living with the disease and their care partners. There is a significant unmet need for new treatment options that can slow down the progression of Alzheimer’s disease and reduce the overall burden on people affected and on society.
