GERMANTOWN, Md., Jan. 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Precigen, Inc. (Nasdaq: PGEN), a biopharmaceutical company advancing innovative precision medicines, today announced that Helen Sabzevari, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Precigen, will present at the 44th Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, taking place January 12–15, 2026 in San Francisco, California. Dr. Sabzevari's company presentation is scheduled for Thursday, January 15, 2026 at 7:30 AM PT.

In addition, Dr. Sabzevari will participate in a fireside chat hosted by the Company's commercialization operations partner, Eversana, on Monday, January 12, 2026 at 10:30 AM PT at the Biotech Showcase, which runs January 12–14, 2026 in San Francisco.

Participants may view details for these events through Precigen's website in the Events & Presentations section at investors.precigen.com/events-presentations.

Precigen: Advancing Medicine with Precision®  
Precigen (Nasdaq: PGEN) is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the advancement of innovative precision medicines to address difficult-to-treat diseases with high unmet patient need. Precigen is dedicated to advancing scientific breakthroughs from proof-of-concept through commercialization. With a strong commitment to innovation, Precigen is developing a robust pipeline of differentiated therapies across its core therapeutic areas of immuno-oncology, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases. For more information about Precigen, visit www.precigen.com or follow us on LinkedIn or YouTube.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
This press release contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "goal," "seek," "believe," "project," "estimate," "expect," "strategy," "future," "likely," "may," "should," "will" and similar references to future periods. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what the Company expects. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, information relating to the Company's business and business plans, the success of efforts to commercialize PAPZIMEOS™ (zopapogene imadenovec-drba) for the treatment of recurrent respiratory papillomatosis (RRP) in adults, the Company's ability to successfully obtain foreign regulatory approvals for PAPZIMEOS, expectations about the safety and efficacy of PAPZIMEOS and the Company's other product candidates, the timing of clinical trials and their results, the Company's ability to commence clinical studies or complete ongoing clinical studies, and the ability of PAPZIMEOS to treat RRP. The Company has no obligation to provide any updates to these forward-looking statements even if its expectations change. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. For further information on potential risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause the Company's actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
