CELEBRATION, Fla., March 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. (NasdaqGS: ZVRA) (Zevra, or the Company), a commercial-stage company focused on providing therapies for people living with rare disease, today announced the appointment of Justin Renz as Chief Financial Officer, effective March 9, 2026. Mr. Renz brings more than 25 years of financial leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, including extensive expertise in capital markets, strategic transactions, and commercial-stage operations.

“Justin is a highly accomplished financial executive with a strong track record of driving growth and creating shareholder value across multiple biopharmaceutical organizations,” said Neil F. McFarlane, Zevra's President and Chief Executive Officer. “His strong financial leadership and experience driving performance across global markets will be instrumental as we execute our strategic plan to becoming a leading rare disease company.”

Mr. Renz most recently served as Chief Financial & Operations Officer at Ardelyx, where he had an active role in the launch and commercialization of two innovative, first-in-class medicines. Previously, he was President and Chief Financial Officer of Correvio Pharma, a global specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the commercialization of two cardiovascular and two infectious disease products. He also served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Karyopharm Pharmaceuticals and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Zalicus Inc.

“I am excited to join Zevra at this important stage of growth,” said Mr. Renz. “I look forward to working with the team to strengthen our financial foundation and enable continued innovation and access to transformative therapies.”

Mr. Renz holds a B.A. in Economics and Accounting from the College of the Holy Cross, an M.S. in Taxation from Northeastern University and an M.B.A. from Suffolk University. He is a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts.

About Zevra Therapeutics, Inc.

Zevra Therapeutics, Inc. is a purpose-driven, commercial-stage company focused on bringing life-changing therapeutics to people living with rare diseases. The company’s commercialization of its lead product, marketed in the U.S. for Niemann-Pick disease type C (NPC), a rare, progressive neurodegenerative disorder, provides a strong corporate foundation and validates its ability to advance therapies. In addition, the company is broadening access through geographic expansion opportunities and has a pipeline of rare disease programs. Zevra is a patient-centric organization guided by our values of accountability, integrity, innovation and courage, with the goal of creating long-term value for patients, partners, and shareholders.
