REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Jan. 21, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Exicure, Inc. (Nasdaq: XCUR), a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing therapeutics for hematologic diseases, today announced that it will present a poster at the upcoming 2026 Tandem Meetings | Transplantation & Cellular Therapy Meetings of the American Society for Transplantation and Cellular Therapy (ASTCT) and Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR), taking place February 4-7, 2026, in Salt Lake City, UT.

The presentation will serve as an encore of data reported previously, highlighting results from Exicure’s open-label, multicenter Phase 2 trial (NCT05561751) evaluating burixafor in patients with multiple myeloma undergoing autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation (AHCT). Exicure recently shared positive topline data from the trial, which assessed burixafor’s ability to mobilize hematopoietic progenitor cells by blocking CXCR4, a chemokine receptor that plays a central role in retaining hematopoietic stem cells in the bone marrow niche. Blockade of this pathway facilitates stem cell movement from the bone marrow into the peripheral blood for collection and use in transplantation procedures.

“Effective stem cell mobilization remains a challenge for patients with multiple myeloma undergoing autologous transplantation, particularly in the modern treatment era where exposure to lenalidomide- and daratumumab-based induction is common and mobilization options are limited,” said Yosra Aljawai, M.D., a lead investigator, poster presenter and Assistant Professor, Department of Stem Cell Transplantation and Cellular Therapy, MD Anderson Cancer Center. “In our Phase 2 study, burixafor in combination with propranolol and G-CSF provided reliable mobilization and a favorable safety profile. 89.7% of the patients successfully met the primary endpoint, with the added advantage of same-day administration and leukapheresis. This offers an important alternative collection strategy for patients who may face barriers to successful stem cell collection.”

Poster Presentation Details  
Abstract Number: 29283  
Title: An Open-Label, Multi-Center Phase 2 study to Assess the Safety and Efficacy of Burixafor (GPC-100) and Propranolol with G-CSF for the Mobilization of Hematopoietic Progenitor Cells in Patients with Multiple Myeloma  
Presenter: Dr. Yosra Aljawai, Assistant Professor, Department of Stem Cell Transplantation and Cellular Therapy, MD Anderson Cancer Center  
Session: Graft sources, mobilization, donor safety.  
Date and Time: February 5, 2026, 6:30 PM
