SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Erasca, Inc. (Nasdaq: ERAS), a clinical-stage precision oncology company singularly focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing therapies for patients with RAS/MAPK pathway-driven cancers, today announced that it intends to offer and sell, subject to market and other conditions, $150.0 million of shares of its common stock in a proposed underwritten public offering. All of the shares of common stock to be sold in the proposed offering are being offered by Erasca. In addition, Erasca intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional $22.5 million of shares of its common stock. There can be no assurance as to whether or when the proposed public offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the proposed offering.

Erasca intends to use the net proceeds from the proposed offering, together with its existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, to fund the research and development of its product candidates and other development programs and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Jefferies, and Evercore ISI are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering.

The securities described above are being offered by Erasca pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus, that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective on August 22, 2025. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to this offering will be filed with the SEC. Copies of the prospectus supplement for this offering may be obtained, when available, by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and postsalemanualrequests@broadridge.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (877) 821-7388, or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; and Evercore Group L.L.C., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 55 East 52nd Street, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10055, by telephone at (888) 474-0200, or by email at ecm.prospectus@evercore.com. Electronic copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus will also be available on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
