LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BrightSpring Health Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: BTSG) (“BrightSpring” or the “Company”), a leading provider of home and community-based health services for complex populations, today announced that certain of its stockholders (the “Selling Stockholders”), including an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. and certain members of management, intend to offer for sale in a secondary offering an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of common stock of BrightSpring. No shares are being sold by BrightSpring in the offering. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from this offering.

In addition, the Company has authorized, subject to the completion of the offering, the concurrent purchase from the underwriter, out of the 20,000,000 shares of common stock being sold as part of the secondary public offering, a number of shares having an aggregate purchase price of up to the lesser of 10% of the shares sold in the offering or $60.0 million at a price per share equal to the price per share to be paid by the underwriter to the Selling Stockholders. The underwriter will not receive any underwriting fees for the shares being repurchased by the Company. The closing of the share repurchase is conditioned on, and expected to occur simultaneously with, the closing of the offering. The offering is not conditioned upon the completion of the share repurchase.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as the sole book-running manager for the proposed offering.

A shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) on Form S-3 relating to these securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 10, 2025 and became automatically effective upon filing. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The offering of these securities will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus for the offering may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 212-902-9316 or by emailing Prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com.

Forward Looking Statements

The statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on BrightSpring’s current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, assumptions, or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. These expectations, beliefs, and projections are expressed in good faith and BrightSpring believes there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that these expectations, beliefs, and projections will result or be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional, or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond BrightSpring’s control. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in BrightSpring’s filings with the SEC under caption “Risk Factors,” including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and subsequent other filings BrightSpring makes with the SEC from time to time. Any forward-looking statement in this press release speaks only as of the date of this release. BrightSpring undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by any applicable securities laws.
