BERKELEY HEIGHTS, N.J., Jan. 29, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CorMedix Therapeutics (Nasdaq: CRMD), a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for life-threatening diseases and conditions, today announced that it will host an in-person and virtual analyst day in New York on Tuesday, February 10, 2026 with presentations and panels from 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM Eastern. The Company will share background and updates across its portfolio and pipeline, and outline the business’ key growth drivers and upcoming milestones.

The event will feature key opinion leaders who will join members of the Company’s senior management team, offering insights into evolving market dynamics, areas of significant unmet medical need, and the commercial opportunity for CorMedix’s REZZAYO® (rezafungin for injection) program, in Phase III for the prophylaxis of fungal infections, and its DefenCath® (taurolidine and heparin) program, in Phase III for the reduction of CLABSI in adult patients receiving Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).

Presentations and panels will be followed by a live question-and-answer session hosted by management. Attendance in person is limited to analysts and institutional investors. To register for either the virtual webcast or the in-person event, please click here.

About CorMedix

CorMedix Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the prevention and treatment of life-threatening conditions and diseases. CorMedix is commercializing DefenCath® (taurolidine and heparin) for the prevention of catheter-related bloodstream infections in adult patients undergoing hemodialysis via a central venous catheter. Following its August 2025 acquisition of Melinta Therapeutics LLC, CorMedix is also commercializing a portfolio of anti-infective products, including MINOCIN® (minocycline) for Injection, REZZAYO® (rezafungin for injection), VABOMERE® (meropenem and vaborbactam), ORBACTIV™ (oritavancin), BAXDELA® (delafloxacin), and KIMYRSA® (oritavancin), as well as TOPROL-XL® (metoprolol succinate).

CorMedix has ongoing clinical studies for DefenCath in Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN) and Pediatric Hemodialysis populations and also intends to develop DefenCath as a catheter lock solution for use in other patient populations. REZZAYO is currently approved for the treatment of candidemia and invasive candidiasis in adults, with an ongoing Phase III study for the prophylaxis of IFD in adult patients undergoing allogeneic BMT. Topline results of the Phase III study for REZZAYO are expected in Q2 2026. For more information visit: www.cormedix.com or www.melinta.com.
