SAN DIEGO, Feb. 25, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HALO) ("Halozyme") today announced that Dr. Helen Torley, President and Chief Executive Officer, is scheduled to present and host investor meetings at the following investor conferences:

- Event: TD Cowen 46th Annual Healthcare Conference
- Format: Fireside Chat and 1x1 Meetings
- Presentation Date: Tuesday, March 3, 2026
- Presentation Time: 8:10am PT / 11:10am ET
- Location: Boston, MA Event: Leerink Partners Global Healthcare Conference Format: Fireside Chat and 1x1 Meetings Presentation Date: Tuesday, March 10, 2026 Presentation Time: 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET Location:Event:Format:Presentation Date:Presentation Time:Location: Miami, FLThe Citizens Life Sciences ConferenceFireside Chat and 1x1 MeetingsWednesday, March 11, 20268:20am PT / 11:20am ETMiami, FL Live audio webcasts of the presentations will be available in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. Replays of the audio webcasts will be available for 90 days following the conference.About HalozymeHalozyme is a biopharmaceutical company advancing disruptive solutions to improve patient experiences and outcomes for emerging and established therapies. As the innovators of ENHANZE® drug delivery technology with the proprietary enzyme rHuPH20, Halozyme's commercially-validated solution facilitates the subcutaneous delivery of injected drugs and fluids, reducing treatment burden and improving convenience. ENHANZE® has touched more than one million patient lives through ten commercialized products across over 100 global markets and is licensed to leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies including Roche, Takeda, Pfizer, Janssen, AbbVie, Eli Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb, argenx, ViiV Healthcare, Chugai Pharmaceutical, Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Merus N.V. and Skye Bioscience.Halozyme expanded its drug delivery technology portfolio to develop partner products using Hypercon™ and the Surf Bio hyperconcentration technology. Hypercon™ is an innovative microparticle technology expected to set a new standard in hyperconcentration of drugs and biologics by reducing injection volume for the same dosage and enabling administration in at‑home and healthcare‑provider settings. The development of the Surf Bio polymer‑based hyperconcentration technology further broadens the range of biologics that can be delivered subcutaneously, meaningfully expanding the scope of opportunities across therapeutic modalities. The Hypercon™ technology has been licensed to leading biopharmaceutical partners, including Janssen, Eli Lilly and argenx.
