SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., Feb. 23, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- IDEAYA Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: IDYA), a leading precision medicine oncology company, today announced the appointment of Dr. Theodora (Theo) Ross into the newly created role of Chief Development Officer. In this role, Dr. Ross will be responsible for leading early clinical development for IDEAYA's emerging oncology pipeline and play a crucial role in guiding the company's long-term R&D strategy. Dr. Ross joins IDEAYA from AbbVie, where she served as Vice President, Head of Early Oncology R&D and Site Head for the Bay Area.

"We are thrilled to welcome Dr. Ross to IDEAYA as we advance our deep pipeline of potential first-in-class clinical-stage assets. Theo is an exceptionally talented and accomplished clinician with a proven track-record leading clinical execution and pipeline strategy for multiple global pharma companies. We look forward to her joining the IDEAYA leadership team to help drive our ambitious clinical development plan forward to support our next phase of growth," said Yujiro S. Hata, President and Chief Executive Officer of IDEAYA Biosciences.

"I am honored and excited to join IDEAYA as the company advances one of the most innovative and scientifically driven oncology pipelines in biotech. I believe the greatest progress comes when we follow the science with rigor and focus, and when we prioritize what matters most to amplify the impact we can have for patients. IDEAYA has demonstrated that discipline by concentrating on programs and targets with strong scientific rationale and clinical promise, and I can't wait to contribute to that continued focus," said Dr. Ross.

Dr. Ross brings over 30 years of experience in oncology, most recently having served as Vice President and Head of Early Oncology R&D and Site Head for AbbVie in the Bay Area. During her tenure, she led the advancement of five early clinical stage programs from first-in-human to Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept studies across various solid tumor indications and served as the R&D champion for the $10 billion acquisition of Immunogen for AbbVie's first marketed solid tumor oncology asset, Elahere. Dr. Ross has also held the roles of Vice President of Global Development, Head of Precision Medicine, and Thoracic Oncology at Amgen and Vice President of Translational Medicine at Merck. Prior to her time in industry and relevant to the mission of IDEAYA, Dr. Ross was the head of the Cancer Genetics Department at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center (UTSW) and had a 20-year tenure as an oncologist, laboratory scientist and professor at prominent cancer centers and academic institutions, including UTSW and the University of Michigan. Dr. Ross received her B.A. from Kalamazoo College and her M.D. and Ph.D. from Washington University. She completed her residency in internal medicine at Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, and an oncology fellowship at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Harvard Medical School.

About IDEAYA Biosciences

IDEAYA is a precision medicine oncology company committed to the discovery, development, and commercialization of transformative therapies for cancer. Our approach integrates expertise in small-molecule drug discovery, structural biology and bioinformatics with robust internal capabilities in identifying and validating translational biomarkers to develop tailored, potentially first-in-class targeted therapies aligned to the genetic drivers of disease. We have built a deep pipeline of product candidates focused on synthetic lethality and antibody-drug conjugates, or ADCs, for molecularly defined solid tumor indications. Our mission is to bring forth the next wave of precision oncology therapies that are more selective, more effective, and deeply personalized with the goal of altering the course of disease and improving clinical outcomes for patients with cancer. IDEAYA's corporate presentation is available on its website: https://ir.ideayabio.com/.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding IDEAYA's clinical development plans; the advancement and potential of its pipeline, including potential first-in-class clinical-stage assets; the expected contributions of Dr. Ross to IDEAYA's early clinical development efforts and long-term R&D strategy; the potential therapeutic impact of IDEAYA's product candidates; and IDEAYA's anticipated next phase of growth. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations, assumptions and beliefs and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, including, but not limited to, those related to IDEAYA's clinical programs, commercial activities, and performance and/or achievements, to differ significantly and/or materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the uncertainties inherent in the drug development process, including the process of designing and conducting preclinical and clinical trials, enrollment rates, safety outcomes, efficacy results, regulatory interactions and decisions, and the ability to translate preclinical findings into clinical benefit, manufacturing and supply risks, competition, changes in standard of care, the timing and success of commercialization efforts, the outcome of collaborations and licensing arrangements, IDEAYA's ability to successfully establish, protect and defend its intellectual property, and other matters that could affect the sufficiency of financial resources to fund operations. IDEAYA undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. A further description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of IDEAYA in general, are in IDEAYA's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including IDEAYA's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any current and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
