MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 12, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celcuity Inc. (Nasdaq: CELC), a clinical-stage biotechnology company pursuing development of targeted therapies for oncology, today announced the appointment of Charles (Chip) R. Romp to its Board of Directors. Mr. Romp brings over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry to Celcuity, including leadership of sales teams and commercial organizations in the oncology setting.

“Chip brings a wealth of oncology-related commercial expertise to our Board,” said Brian Sullivan, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Celcuity. “Chip’s deep experience commercializing significant oncology drugs will provide valuable insight to Celcuity as we advance our programs and prepare for the potential approval and launch of gedatolisib later this year.”

Mr. Romp is currently Chief Executive Officer of Secura Bio, an integrated, commercial-stage pharmaceutical company dedicated to the worldwide development and commercialization of oncology therapies. Mr. Romp previously served as Executive Vice President, Commercial U.S., at Seagen, Inc., where he was a member of the Executive Committee and oversaw the company's entire commercial organization before its sale to Pfizer. He joined Seagen in 2010 as one of its first commercial employees, where he managed the growth and expansion of ADCETRIS® (brentuximab vedotin), PADCEV® (enfortumab vedotin-ejfv), TUKYSA® (tucatinib), and TIVDAK® (tisotumab vedotin-tftv). Prior to Seagen, Mr. Romp held several senior sales leadership positions at Genentech, Inc, where he was responsible for both oncology and immunology products, including AVASTIN® (bevacizumab), RITUXAN® (rituximab), and XOLAIR® (omalizumab). Mr. Romp received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Florida and an MBA from Saint Leo University in Florida.

“Gedatolisib has tremendous potential to enhance outcomes for women with breast cancer, which gives Celcuity a very significant opportunity to build an important franchise in oncology,” said Mr. Romp. “I am very excited to join the Board at this important moment in Celcuity’s history and work with Brian and the Board to share my experience commercializing a number of pathbreaking oncology therapeutics."

About Celcuity

Celcuity is a clinical-stage biotechnology company pursuing the development of targeted therapies for the treatment of multiple solid tumor indications. The company's lead therapeutic candidate is gedatolisib, a potent, pan-PI3K and mTORC1/2 inhibitor that comprehensively blockades the PI3K/AKT/mTOR (“PAM”) pathway. Its mechanism of action and pharmacokinetic properties are differentiated from other currently approved and investigational therapies that target PI3Kα, AKT, or mTORC1 alone or together. A Phase 3 clinical trial, VIKTORIA-1, evaluating gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant, with or without palbociclib, in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer (“ABC”), has completed enrollment, and the company has reported detailed results for the PIK3CA wild-type cohort. A Phase 3 clinical trial, VIKTORIA-2, evaluating gedatolisib plus a CDK4/6 inhibitor and fulvestrant as first-line treatment for patients with HR+/HER2- ABC, is currently enrolling patients. A Phase 1/2 clinical trial, CELC-G-201, evaluating gedatolisib in combination with darolutamide in patients with metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer, is ongoing. More detailed information about Celcuity’s active clinical trials can be found at ClinicalTrials.gov. Celcuity is headquartered in Minneapolis. Further information about Celcuity can be found at www.celcuity.com. Follow us on LinkedIn and X.
