BOSTON, Jan. 06, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRAX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company translating genetic insights into the development of therapies for central nervous system (CNS) disorders characterized by neuronal excitation-inhibition imbalance, today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 2,212,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price per share of $260.00. The gross proceeds from the offering are expected to be approximately $575 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Praxis. All shares in the offering are being offered by Praxis. In addition, Praxis has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 331,800 additional shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering is expected to close on or about January 8, 2026, subject to market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Piper Sandler, TD Cowen, Guggenheim Securities and Truist Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. LifeSci Capital, Baird and Oppenheimer & Co. are acting as lead managers for the offering. H.C. Wainwright & Co. and Needham & Company are acting as co-managers for the offering.

The offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR, including a base prospectus, that was filed by Praxis with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and automatically became effective upon filing on December 23, 2024. A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the offering was filed with the SEC on January 6, 2026. The final prospectus supplement related to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from: Piper Sandler & Co., 350 North 5th Street, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55401, Attention: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (800) 747-3924, or by email at prospectus@psc.com; TD Securities (USA) LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by email at TDManualrequest@broadridge.com; Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com; or Truist Securities, Inc., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 740 Battery Ave SE, Atlanta, Georgia 30339, by telephone at (800) 685-4786 or by email at truistsecurities.prospectus@truist.com. The final terms of the offering will be disclosed in a final prospectus supplement to be filed with the SEC.
