Less than $80,000 of long-term debt, and 10,000 vendor warrants remain outstanding

NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 15, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Specialty cancer diagnostics company Precipio, Inc.(NASDAQ: PRPO) has made major strides in cleaning up its balance sheet with two major accomplishments:

1. Major obligation repaid

A $1.1 million advance from Change Healthcare (“CHC”), the Company’s clearinghouse service for billing claims processing, has been repaid. CHC experienced a cybersecurity incident in 2024 and advanced Precipio and others funds to cover collections shortfalls. In early January 2026, the Company completed its repayment of that advance.

Precipio maintains a small loan with the Connecticut Department of Economic and Community Development in the approximate principal amount of $80,000 (amortized at $3,000/month with a 3.25% interest rate, to be paid in full by May 2028). Other than this minor loan, Precipio has a debt-free balance sheet.

2. All financial warrants exercised

As part of a 2023 financing, the Company issued warrants to participating investors. In Q3 and Q4 of 2025, a portion of those warrants were exercised in normal manner, and the remainder were exercised cashless to reduce dilution to shareholders. At this point, all financial warrants have been exercised, and Precipio has no further financial warrants outstanding.

Remaining are 10,000 warrants given to a vendor for services provided in 2022 in lieu of cash payment, at a strike price of $60, and expiring February 2027.

“The combination of profitable operations and a clean balance sheet continues to reduce the financial risk to Precipio shareholders,” said Ilan Danieli, CEO. “Management remains focused on executing its business strategy to continue to grow the business, increase profit margins and create sustained shareholder value.”

About Precipio

Precipio is a healthcare biotechnology company focused on cancer diagnostics. Our mission is to address the pervasive problem of cancer misdiagnoses by developing solutions in the form of diagnostic products and services. Our products and services deliver higher accuracy, improved laboratory workflow, and ultimately better patient outcomes, which reduce healthcare expenses. Precipio develops innovative technologies in our laboratory where we design, test, validate, and use these products clinically, improving diagnostic outcomes. Precipio then commercializes these technologies as proprietary products that serve the global laboratory community and further scales Precipio’s reach to eradicate misdiagnosis.

Availability of Other Information About Precipio

For more information, please visit the Precipio website at https://www.precipiodx.com/ or follow Precipio on X (formerly Twitter) (@PrecipioDx) and LinkedIn (Precipio) and on Facebook. Investors and others should note that we communicate with our investors and the public using our company website (https://www.precipiodx.com), including, but not limited to, company disclosures, investor presentations and FAQs, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, press releases, public conference call transcripts and webcast transcripts, as well as on X and LinkedIn. The information that we post on our website or on X or LinkedIn could be deemed to be material information. As a result, we encourage investors, the media and others interested to review the information that we post there on a regular basis. The contents of our website or social media shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the targets set herein and related timing. Except for historical information, statements about future volumes, sales, growth, costs, cost savings, margins, earnings, earnings per share, diluted earnings per share, cash flows, adjusted EBITDA, plans, objectives, expectations, growth or profitability and our potential to reach financial independence are forward-looking statements based on management’s estimates, beliefs, assumptions and projections. Words such as “could,” “may,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “will,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “predicts,” and variations on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions based on management’s current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Any such forward-looking statements represent management’s estimates as of the date of this press release only. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
