# Lexicon Announces Closing of Approximately $94.6 Million Public Offering and Concurrent Private Placement

THE WOODLANDS, Texas, Feb. 06, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: LXRX) (“Lexicon”) today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 32,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001, and concurrent private placement of 22,400,000 shares of common stock and 367,145 shares of series b convertible preferred stock (the “Series B Convertible Preferred Stock”). The shares of common stock offered pursuant to the public offering were sold at a public offering price of $1.30 per share and the shares of preferred stock were sold at a price of $65 per share. The offerings closed on February 2, 2026.

In addition to the shares sold in the underwritten public offering, Lexicon granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 4,800,000 shares of common stock at the public offering prices, less underwriting discounts and commissions, which remains outstanding. An affiliate of Invus, L.P. (the “Private Placement Purchaser”) has the option to purchase up to an additional 94,855 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 4,742,744 shares of common stock, at a price of $65.00 per share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, to the extent the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of common stock.

The optional securities being offered to the Private Placement Purchaser will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Both the option held by the underwriters to purchase additional shares of common stock and the option held by the Private Placement Purchaser to purchase additional shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will expire 30 days after the closing of the issuances.

Lexicon intends to use the net proceeds from the offering and the concurrent private placement, including any proceeds from the exercise of either option to purchase additional shares, (i) to fund the continued research and development of its drug candidates and (ii) for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

Jefferies and Piper Sandler are acting as joint book-running managers for the public offering. H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as lead manager for the public offering.

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the public offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on August 2, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on August 15, 2024 (File No. 333-281208). The shares of common stock issued in the concurrent private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and may not be offered, pledged, sold, delivered or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, in the United States except pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and, in each case, in compliance with other applicable securities laws. A preliminary prospectus supplement, accompanying prospectus relating to the public offering and final prospectus supplement have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may also be obtained from Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by e-mail at prospectus_department@jefferies.com or by telephone at (877) 821-7388; or Piper Sandler & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 350 North 5th Street, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55401, by telephone at (800) 747-3924, or via email at prospectus@psc.com.
