# Aclaris Therapeutics Initiates Phase 1b Proof-of-Concept Trial in Patients with Asthma with its Novel Bispecific Anti-TSLP/IL-4Rα Antibody ATI-052

WAYNE, Pa., Feb. 24, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACRS), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel product candidates for immuno-inflammatory diseases, today announced that it has initiated a placebo-controlled Phase 1b proof-of-concept (POC) trial of ATI-052, the Company’s potential best-in-class investigational bispecific anti-TSLP/IL-4Rα antibody, in asthma. This announcement follows the recent initiation of the Company’s Phase 1b POC trial of ATI-052 in atopic dermatitis (AD). Planning is ongoing for a Phase 2b program encompassing asthma and atopic dermatitis as potential first indications. The Company expects to initiate this program in the second half of 2026.

“The start of 2026 has been a period of strong execution and momentum across our clinical programs, broadly, and with ATI-052 specifically,” said Dr. Jesse Hall, Chief Medical Officer of Aclaris. “The positive Phase 1a interim results for ATI-052 exceeded our expectations and demonstrated a strong safety and tolerability profile, extended pharmacokinetics, and concentration-dependent pharmacodynamics even at the lowest dose. Following the January announcement that we had initiated our POC trial in atopic dermatitis, we have now initiated our POC trial in asthma. We expect to provide top line results from both trials in the second half of 2026 and start the Phase 2b program shortly thereafter.”

The randomized (3:1), double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1b POC trial will evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of ATI-052 compared to placebo in approximately 16 patients with asthma on GINA (Global Initiative for Asthma) steps 2-4 treatment prior to screening. Endpoints that will be assessed include safety and tolerability parameters; pharmacokinetic parameters; respiratory pharmacodynamic (PD) biomarker assessments including FeNO (fractional exhaled nitric oxide); blood PD biomarker assessments including blood eosinophil count and endogenous cytokines/chemokines and inflammation markers in plasma/serum; and efficacy measures including FEV1.

Top line results from this trial and the ongoing Phase 1b POC trial in AD are expected in the second half of 2026.

About ATI-052

ATI-052 is an investigational humanized anti-TSLP and anti-IL-4Rα bispecific antibody that simultaneously inhibits thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) and interleukin-4 receptor (IL-4Rα) with high affinity and potency. By targeting TSLP, which sits at the top of the inflammatory cascade, it inhibits a broad range of inflammation; by targeting IL-4Rα, it blocks downstream signaling of both IL-4 and IL-13, which are key cytokines involved in Th2-mediated inflammation and allergic diseases. ATI-052 exhibits potential best-in-class potency and utilizes the same TSLP antigen-binding fragment (Fab) region as the Company’s monoclonal antibody bosakitug (ATI-045), retaining the dissociation kinetics, long residence time, and high potency advantages over comparator antibodies, but is engineered to bind more tightly to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) to extend its half-life. ATI-052 has the potential to treat a variety of atopic, immunologic and respiratory diseases. Aclaris has the exclusive worldwide rights to ATI-052, excluding Greater China.
