# Bicara Therapeutics Announces Pricing of $150 Million Public Offering of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants

BOSTON, Feb. 24, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bicara Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: BCAX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to bringing transformative bifunctional therapies to patients with solid tumors, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 7,175,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $16.00 per share and, in lieu of common stock to certain investors that so choose, pre-funded warrants to purchase 2,200,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $15.9999 per pre-funded warrant, which represents the per share public offering price for the common stock less the $0.0001 per share exercise price for each pre-funded warrant. The gross proceeds to Bicara from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by Bicara, are expected to be approximately $150 million, excluding any exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares and excluding the exercise of any pre-funded warrants. All shares and pre-funded warrants in the offering are being sold by Bicara. The offering is expected to close on or about February 26, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. In addition, Bicara has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 1,406,250 additional shares of its common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Bicara intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to further invest in and build its medical and commercial infrastructure to support a planned regulatory filing and commercial launch for ficerafusp alfa, if approved, in the U.S.; to further accelerate the development of ficerafusp alfa in 1L R/M HPV-negative HNSCC, including a less frequent dosing schedule; to fund manufacturing costs for ficerafusp alfa for ongoing and anticipated drug development efforts; to fund early signal-finding to support future indication expansion for ficerafusp alfa; and for other general corporate purposes.

Morgan Stanley, TD Cowen, BofA Securities, Cantor and Stifel are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering.

The securities described above will be offered by Bicara pursuant to an effective “shelf” registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-290707) that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on October 3, 2025 and declared effective on November 26, 2025. The securities may be offered only by means of a prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC. Electronic copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and, when available, copies of the final prospectus supplement, and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained by visiting the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by contacting Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; TD Securities (USA) LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at TDManualrequest@broadridge.com; BofA Securities, NC1-022-02-25, 201 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com; Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Attention: Equity Capital Markets, 110 E. 59th Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by email at prospectus@cantor.com; or Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Attention: Prospectus Department, One Montgomery Street, Suite 3700, San Francisco, CA 94104, by telephone at (415) 364-2720 or by email at syndprospectus@stifel.com.
