PONTE VEDRA, Fla., Jan. 08, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Treace Medical Concepts, Inc. (“Treace” or the “Company”) (NasdaqGS: TMCI), a medical technology company driving a fundamental shift in the surgical treatment of bunions and related midfoot deformities, today announced the successful completion of the first case utilizing its Lapiplasty® Lightning™ technology.

Lightning technology expands upon Treace’s market-leading Lapiplasty® System with advanced new instrumentation designed to reduce surgical steps, precisely correct in all three planes, and further streamline procedural workflow with Treace’s SpeedPlate® Rapid Compression Fixation technology.

“As the pioneers and leaders in instrumented 3D bunion correction, Lightning technology demonstrates our commitment to continuous advancement of our patented Lapiplasty® System, improving surgical efficiency and precision and expanding its appeal to more surgeons,” said John T. Treace, CEO and Chairman of Treace. “We anticipate initiating our limited market release of the Lapiplasty® Lightning™ System midyear 2026 in advance of full commercialization, which we expect before the end of year.”

William T. DeCarbo, DPM, of Greater Pittsburgh Foot & Ankle Center and a member of Treace’s Surgeon Advisory Board, performed the first case with the new Lightning technology and commented, “Lightning integrates years of clinical insights and feedback. I found the instrumentation highly intuitive, allowing me to perform a faster Lapiplasty® Procedure while also providing greater accuracy and control of the 3-plane correction. Having the instrumentation hold the correction from the start of the case through application of fixation, without the need for provisional fixation, simplifies and streamlines my surgical workflow.”

Forward-Looking Statements  
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the anticipated timing of the Lapiplasty® Lightning™ System’s limited market release and full commercialization. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current assumptions and expectations of future events and trends, which affect or may affect the Company’s business, strategy, operations or financial performance, and actual results and other events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements due to numerous risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Factors that could cause actual results or other events to differ materially from those contemplated in this press release can be found in the Risk Factors section of Treace’s public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025 and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of their date and, except to the extent required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of any new information, future developments or otherwise.
