# Aquestive Therapeutics Announces Grant of Inducement Award Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4)

WARREN, N.J., March 09, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: AQST) (“Aquestive” or the “Company”), a pharmaceutical company advancing medicines to bring meaningful improvement to patients' lives through innovative science and delivery technologies, today announced an inducement grant for Matthew Greenhawt, MD, MBA, MSc, Chief Medical Officer of Aquestive Therapeutics (the “Company”), under the Company’s 2022 Equity Inducement Plan. The inducement grant was approved by the Company’s Compensation Committee.

Under the Company’s 2022 Equity Inducement Plan, Dr. Greenhawt will receive an equity award of 75,000 Restricted Stock Units (the “Inducement RSUs”) and an equity award of 50,000 non-qualified common stock options (the “Inducement Options”), each award to be granted on March 9, 2026, which is the second full trading date following the date of the Company’s public release of annual financial results on March 5, 2026. The Inducement RSUs and the Inducement Options will vest 25% after each of the first and second anniversaries of the grant date, and 50% on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment through the applicable grant date. The Inducement Options will have a term of ten years and an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of Aquestive’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, on the Nasdaq Global Market on March 9, 2026, the scheduled grant date of the award. The Inducement RSUs and the Inducement Options are being granted in reliance on the employment inducement exemption provided under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4), and these awards were approved by the independent Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company as a material inducement for Dr. Greenhawt’s acceptance of employment with Aquestive. The Inducement RSUs and the Inducement Options were granted outside of the Company’s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan.

About Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc.  
Aquestive is a pharmaceutical company advancing medicines to bring meaningful improvement to patients' lives through innovative science and delivery technologies. The worldwide leader in delivering trusted, quality medications on oral film, Aquestive operates as both a developer of its own proprietary products and a Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) for licensees, with its headquarters in New Jersey and U.S.-based manufacturing facilities in Indiana. The Company is the exclusive manufacturer of four commercialized products marketed by its licensees across six continents using proprietary, best-in-class technologies like PharmFilm®. Aquestive's AdrenaVerse™ platform contains a library of more than 20 epinephrine prodrugs enabling the pursuit of various potential allergy and dermatological indications. The Company is advancing Anaphylm™ (dibutepinephrine) sublingual film for the treatment of severe allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, and AQST-108 (epinephrine prodrug) topical gel for various potential dermatological conditions, including alopecia areata. For more information, visit Aquestive.com and follow us on LinkedIn.
