European grant advances Aurora's unparalleled leadership in cannabis genetics, enhancing its position as a leading medical cannabis company

EDMONTON, AB, Jan. 20, 2026 /CNW/ - Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ: ACB) (TSX: ACB), the Canadian-based leading global medical cannabis company, today announces that it has been granted community plant variety rights by the EU's Community Plant Variety Office for two of its proprietary cannabis varieties. This achievement further strengthens the company's intellectual property portfolio and reinforces its commitment to innovation and cannabis genetics excellence.

Bred in Canada through Aurora's advanced breeding and phenotyping programs, the company has been granted plant variety rights to Cannabis sativa L varieties named SOT20R07-007 (known as Farm Gas™) and ACB21T044 (known as Sourdough™). These varieties and their traits are the result of the company's research expertise and rigorous scientific standards. Both cultivars are recognized for their strong patient and consumer appeal – including high potency and desirable aromas and bud structure – as well as for their consistency, and strong performance traits. Farm Gas™ and Sourdough™ are core products available to medical patients in Germany, Poland, UK, Canada, and Australia.

"Being granted Community Plant Variety Rights in the EU is a direct recognition of the exceptional cannabis genetics work underway at our preeminent Aurora Coast R&D facility that is unmatched in its level of excellence," said Lana Culley, VP of Innovation and International Operations for Aurora. "This protection not only strengthens Aurora's global genetics portfolio, but also ensures that our high-quality, differentiated varieties can consistently reach patients and consumers worldwide. Aurora remains committed to advancing our unique breeding program and developing genetics that set new standards in cannabis cultivation."

Community Plant Variety Rights, give Aurora exclusive control over the commercial production and sale of these varieties throughout the European Union's 27 member states for the duration of the protection period. Obtaining these rights in the EU, as well as existing rights in Canada and other territories, enables Aurora to commercialize the company's cultivars globally while protecting investments in science and innovation. Aurora's cultivars are grown in our own network of cultivation sites, as well as grown by partners and licensees around the world.

Aurora's robust genetics platform underpins its global medical cannabis leadership and supports the company's ability to deliver consistent, reliable, and premium products. The protection of these varieties enhances Aurora's competitive position in Europe, a fast-moving and highly valuable region to the company.

About Aurora Cannabis Inc.

Aurora is Opening the World to Cannabis™, serving both the medical and consumer markets across Canada, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, Aurora is a pioneer in global cannabis, dedicated to helping people improve their lives. The Company's adult-use brand portfolio includes Drift®, San Raf®, Daily Special™, Tasty's™, Being® and Greybeard®. Medical cannabis brands include MedReleaf®, CanniMed®, Aurora® and Whistler Medical Marijuana Corporation®, as well as international brands, Pedanios®, IndiMed™ and CraftPlant™. Aurora also has a controlling interest in Bevo Farms Ltd., North America's leading supplier of propagated agricultural plants. Driven by science and innovation, and with a focus on high-quality cannabis products, Aurora's brands continue to break through as industry leaders in the medical, wellness and adult recreational markets wherever they are launched. Learn more at www.auroramj.com and follow us on X and LinkedIn.

Aurora's common shares trade on the NASDAQ and TSX under the symbol "ACB".

Forward Looking Information

This news release includes statements containing certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law ("forward-looking statements"). Forward-looking statements are frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "continue", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "may", "will", "potential", "proposed" and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. Forward-looking statements made in this news release include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the community plant variety rights granted to the Company by the EU's Community Plant Variety Office for two of its proprietary cannabis varieties and the associated benefits, including the strengthening of Aurora's global genetics portfolio, the Company's ability to commercialize its cultivars globally while protecting investments in science and innovation, and the enhancement of Aurora's competitive position in Europe; as well as statements regarding the Company's continued commitment to innovation and cannabis genetics excellence, the Company's global medical cannabis leadership and the Company's ability to deliver consistent, reliable, and premium products.

These forward-looking statements are only predictions. Forward looking information or statements contained in this news release have been developed based on assumptions management considers to be reasonable. Material factors or assumptions involved in developing forward-looking statements include, without limitation, publicly available information from governmental sources as well as from market research and industry analysis and on assumptions based on data and knowledge of this industry which the Company believes to be reasonable. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors that management believes to be relevant and reasonable in the circumstances could cause actual events, results, level of activity, performance, prospects, opportunities or achievements to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, the magnitude and duration of potential new or increased tariffs imposed on goods imported from Canada into the United States; the ability to retain key personnel, the ability to continue investing in infrastructure to support growth, the ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, the continued quality of our products, customer experience and retention, the development of third party government and non-government consumer sales channels, management's estimates of consumer demand in Canada and in jurisdictions where the Company exports, expectations of future results and expenses, the risk of successful integration of acquired business and operations, management's estimation that SG&A will grow only in proportion of revenue growth, the ability to expand and maintain distribution capabilities, the impact of competition, the general impact of financial market conditions, the yield from cannabis growing operations, product demand, changes in prices of required commodities, competition, and the possibility for changes in laws, rules, and regulations in the industry, epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises and other risks, uncertainties and factors set out under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information from dated June 17, 2025 (the "AIF") and filed with Canadian securities regulators available on the Company's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and filed with and available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company cautions that the list of risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the AIF is not exhaustive and other factors could also adversely affect its results. Readers are urged to consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such information. The Company is under no obligation, and expressly disclaims any intention or obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as expressly required by applicable securities law.
