# BrightSpring Announces Pricing of Secondary Offering of Common Stock and Concurrent Share Repurchase

LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BrightSpring Health Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: BTSG) (“BrightSpring” or the “Company”), a leading provider of home and community-based health services for complex populations, today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten secondary offering by certain of its stockholders (the “Selling Stockholders”), including an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. and certain members of management, of an aggregate 20,000,000 shares of common stock of BrightSpring, at the public offering price of $41.15 per share. No shares are being sold by BrightSpring in the offering. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from this offering. The offering is expected to close on March 4, 2026, subject to customary closing conditions.

In addition, the Company has authorized, subject to the completion of the offering, the concurrent purchase from the underwriter, out of the 20,000,000 shares of common stock being sold as part of the secondary public offering, 1,464,807 shares of common stock at a price per share equal to the price per share to be paid by the underwriter to the Selling Stockholders. The underwriter will not receive any underwriting fees for the shares being repurchased by the Company. The closing of the share repurchase is conditioned on, and expected to occur simultaneously with, the closing of the offering. The offering is not conditioned upon the completion of the share repurchase.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as the sole book-running manager for the offering.

A shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) on Form S-3 relating to these securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 10, 2025 and became automatically effective upon filing. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The offering of these securities will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus for the offering may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 212-902-9316 or by emailing Prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com.
