Following the reverse share split, the Company will have approximately 565,000 outstanding shares, out of which approximately 561,533 will be publicly held

Tel Aviv, Israel, March 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SciSparc Ltd. (“SciSparc” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: SPRC), a company engaged in clinical-stage pharmaceutical developments through its majority-owned subsidiary NeuroThera Labs Inc., announced today that it intends to effect a one-for-nine (1-for-9) reverse share split (the “Reverse Share Split”) of the Company’s issued and outstanding ordinary shares, no par value per share (the “Ordinary Shares”), effective at the market open on March 4, 2026. The Ordinary Shares will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the existing trading symbol “SPRC” and will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis at the market open on March 4, 2026. The new CUSIP number for the Ordinary Shares following the Reverse Share Split will be M82618139.

The Reverse Share Split was approved by the Company’s shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2025, to be effected at the board of directors’ discretion within the approved parameters.

The Reverse Share Split will not result in an adjustment to the authorized share capital of the Company under the Company’s amended and restated articles of association, as currently in effect (the “Articles”), which, as of the date hereof, consists of 2,000,000,000 Ordinary Shares.

The Reverse Share Split will affect all shareholders uniformly and will not alter any shareholder’s percentage of ownership interest in the Company’s Ordinary Shares, except for minor changes due to the treatment of fractional shares as described below. The number of issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares will be reduced from 5,089,501 Ordinary Shares to approximately 565,500 Ordinary Shares following the Reverse Share Split (subject to any further adjustments due to the treatment of fractional shares). In accordance with the Articles, no fractional Ordinary Shares will be issued as a result of the Reverse Share Split and all fractional Ordinary Shares shall be rounded to the nearest whole Ordinary Share, at the DTC participant level. In addition, a proportionate adjustment will be made to the per share exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of all outstanding options and warrants entitling the holders to purchase Ordinary Shares. No fractional Ordinary Shares will be issued upon exercise of warrants or options. As to any fraction of an Ordinary Share which a holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon exercise, the Company will round up to the nearest whole Ordinary Share, according to the terms of the warrant or option.
