Data from the BREADTH Phase 2b asthma trial is expected to be reported in late-2027

Data from the ongoing parallel BROADEN2 Phase 2b atopic dermatitis trial is expected to be reported by mid-2027

WATERTOWN, Mass., Jan. 29, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kymera Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: KYMR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company advancing a new class of oral small molecule degrader medicines for immunological diseases, today announced that it recently initiated dosing in its BREADTH Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating KT-621, an oral, highly selective, potent degrader of STAT6, in patients with moderate to severe eosinophilic asthma. The Company expects to report data from the BREADTH trial in late-2027.

“Untreated asthma can result in long-term medical complications. We continue to hear from physicians and patients that new treatment options are desperately needed. Dosing the first patient in our BREADTH study marks an important step in advancing KT-621 as a novel oral treatment option for patients living with chronic, debilitating Type 2 diseases,” said Jared Gollob, MD, Chief Medical Officer, Kymera Therapeutics. “This milestone builds on our compelling data and clinical progress and reflects our broader vision to deliver novel, convenient oral medicines with biologics-like activity for inflammatory diseases with significant unmet need including asthma.”

The KT-621 BREADTH Phase 2b clinical trial is a global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of three doses of KT-621 in approximately 264 adult patients with moderate to severe eosinophilic asthma over 12 weeks. Baseline eligibility criteria include an absolute blood eosinophil count of ≥300 cells/uL, fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) ≥25 ppb, and a pre-bronchodilator forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) 40 to 80% of predicted normal. The primary endpoint is the change from baseline in FEV1. Secondary endpoints will evaluate a range of additional safety, efficacy, and quality of life measures. More information on the BREADTH study can be found on clinicaltrials.gov (NCT# 07323654).

The KT-621 BROADEN2 Phase 2b trial in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis (AD) adolescent and adult patients is also ongoing. The Company expects to report data from the BROADEN2 trial by mid-2027. More information on the BROADEN2 study can be found on clinicaltrials.gov (NCT# 07217015). The ongoing parallel Phase 2b studies in AD and asthma are expected to accelerate KT-621 development and enable dose selection for subsequent parallel Phase 3 registrational studies across multiple Type 2 indications.

About KT-621 KT-621 is an investigational, first-in-class, once daily, oral degrader of STAT6, the specific transcription factor responsible for IL-4/IL-13 signaling and the central driver of Type 2 inflammation, and currently in Phase 2 clinical testing. In the Phase 1 clinical study in atopic dermatitis patients, KT-621 demonstrated deep STAT6 degradation in blood and skin, robust reductions in disease-relevant Type 2 inflammatory biomarkers, meaningful improvements on clinical endpoints and patient-reported outcomes in AD and comorbid asthma and allergic rhinitis, and was well tolerated with a favorable safety profile. KT-621, the first STAT6-directed drug to enter clinical evaluation, has the potential to transform treatment paradigms for more than 140 million patients around the world, including children and adults, suffering from Type 2 diseases such as atopic dermatitis (AD), asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP), chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU), prurigo nodularis (PN), and bullous pemphigoid (BP), among others.

About Asthma Asthma is a chronic inflammatory lung disease characterized by airway swelling and narrowing, which can make breathing difficult and can be potentially life threatening. Symptoms can include shortness of breath, coughing, wheezing, and chest tightness or pain. While there are currently available medicines for asthma, such as inhalers and injectable biologics, there remains a significant unmet need and opportunity to improve treatment options for millions of patients. Learn more about asthma on Kymera’s website.

About Kymera Therapeutics Kymera is a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering the field of targeted protein degradation (TPD) to develop medicines that address critical health problems and have the potential to dramatically improve patients’ lives. Kymera is deploying TPD to address disease targets and pathways inaccessible with conventional therapeutics. Having advanced the first degrader into the clinic for immunological diseases, Kymera is focused on building an industry-leading pipeline of oral small molecule degraders to provide a new generation of convenient, highly effective therapies for patients with these conditions. Founded in 2016, Kymera has been recognized as one of Boston’s top workplaces for the past several years. For more information about our science, pipeline and people, please visit www.kymeratx.com or follow us on X or LinkedIn.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including, without limitation, implied and express statements about our expectations regarding strategy, business plans and objectives on the development of our clinical and preclinical pipeline, including the therapeutic potential, clinical benefits and safety thereof, including for the Phase 2b studies of KT-621 in patients with AD and asthma , the effect of initial parallel development of Phase 2b studies in AD and asthma patients on acceleration of late parallel development across multiple indications, and the preliminary cross-study assessments comparing non-head-to-head clinical data of KT-621 to published data for dupilumab. The words "may," "might," "will," "could," "would," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "intend," "believe," "expect," "estimate," "seek," "predict," "future," "project," "potential," "continue," "target," “upcoming” and similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this press release are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, including, without limitation, risks associated with: uncertainties inherent in the initiation, timing and design of future clinical trials, the availability and timing of data from ongoing and future clinical trials and the results of such trials, the ability to successfully demonstrate the safety and efficacy of drug candidates, the timing and outcome of planned interactions with and submissions to regulatory authorities, the availability of funding sufficient for our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements, the unexpected emergence of adverse events or other undesirable side effects during preclinical and clinical development, whether Kymera will be able to fund development activities and achieve development goals, and other factors. These risks and uncertainties are described in greater detail in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in subsequent filings with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We explicitly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. No representations or warranties (expressed or implied) are made about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements.
