Next-generation therapeutic cancer vaccines in development for various oncology indications sold to NeoTrail Therapeutics

NEW YORK and VIENNA, March 26, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- HOOKIPA Pharma Inc. (OTCID: HOOK, “HOOKIPA”, the “Company”) today announced the completion of the sale of its immuno-oncology related assets, consisting primarily of the HB-200 (eseba-vec) and HB-700 development programs, to NeoTrail Therapeutics, Inc. (“NeoTrail”). The purchase price remains undisclosed. The asset purchase agreement was signed on January 28, 2026, and the closing of the transaction occurred on March 20, 2026.

About HB-200  
Eseba-vec (also known as HB-200) is an investigational immunotherapeutic agent being evaluated for HPV16 positive cancers. HB-200 alternates the administration of both HB-201 (LCMV) and HB-202 (PICV), collectively referred to as “HB-200,” attenuated viral vectors, which on their own are replicating-based therapeutics expressing a non-oncogenic, but highly immunogenic, E7E6 fusion protein from HPV16. Positive preliminary data from a Phase 2 trial (NCT04180215) of HB-200 in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with recurrent/metastatic HPV16 positive head and neck cancers in the first line setting was presented in November 2024 at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) Conference. Trial close out activities were completed before the end of 2025. HB-200 received Fast Track Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and PRIME designation from the European Medicines Agency. HB-200 was developed using HOOKIPA’s proprietary arenavirus platform.

About HB-700  
HB-700 is an investigational arenaviral immunotherapy designed to treat KRAS-mutated lung, colorectal, pancreatic and other cancers. HB-700 is a replicating 2-vector therapy that targets the most prevalent KRAS mutations (G12D, G12V, G12R, G12C and G13D) and has the potential to benefit more patients than single mutation inhibitors. HB-700 received Investigational New Drug application clearance from the Food and Drug Administration in April 2024 and is Phase 1 ready, with clinical trial material manufacturing completed.

Availability of Other Information About HOOKIPA  
Investors and others should note that HOOKIPA announces material financial information to investors using the Company’s investor relations website, www.ir.hookipapharma.com, OTC Markets filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. HOOKIPA uses these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with investors and the public about the company, and other issues. It is possible that the information HOOKIPA posts on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, investors, the media, and others interested in HOOKIPA are encouraged to review the information on the social media channels listed on the Company’s investor relations website.
